	*************Beautiful*************
	Gavin Pretor-Pinney: Cloudy with a chance of joy
	Julie Taymor: Spider-Man, The Lion King and life on the creative edge
	Eddi Reader: "Kiteflyer"s Hill"
	Claron McFadden: Singing the primal mystery
	Tom Shannon, John Hockenberry: The painter and the pendulum
	Alexa Meade: Your body is my canvas
	Jake Barton: The museum of you
	Rhiannon Giddens: Songs that bring history to life
	Rives: A mockingbird remix of TED2006
	Rogier van der Heide: Why light needs darkness
	Daria van den Bercken: Why I take the piano on the road ... and in the air
	Marco Tempest: The electric rise and fall of Nikola Tesla
	Frank Warren: Half a million secrets
	Fabian Oefner: Psychedelic science
	Kaki King: A musical escape into a world of light and color
	Silk Road Ensemble: "Turceasca"
	Andrew Bird: A one-man orchestra of the imagination
	Monica Byrne: A sci-fi vision of love from a 318-year-old hologram
	Usman Riaz + Preston Reed: A young guitarist meets his hero
	Amanda Palmer, Jherek Bischoff, Usman Riaz: "Space Oddity"
	Zaria Forman: Drawings that show the beauty and fragility of Earth
	Sarah Kay: How many lives can you live?
	Ahn Trio: A modern take on piano, violin, cello
	Adam Driver: My journey from Marine to actor
	Frans Lanting: Photos that give voice to the animal kingdom
	Christine Sun Kim: The enchanting music of sign language
	Stephen Wilkes: The passing of time, caught in a single photo
	Chris Abani: Telling stories from Africa
	Sō Percussion: "Music for Wood and Strings"
	Emtithal Mahmoud: A young poet tells the story of Darfur
	Teitur: Home is a song I"ve always remembered
	eL Seed: Street art with a message of hope and peace
	Geert Chatrou: A whistleblower you haven"t heard
	Vusi Mahlasela: "Thula Mama"
	Mark Ronson: How sampling transformed music
	Joey Alexander: An 11-year-old prodigy performs old-school jazz
	Rives: The Museum of Four in the Morning
	Suheir Hammad: Poems of war, peace, women, power
	Silk Road Ensemble + Rhiannon Giddens: "St. James Infirmary Blues"
	Siamak Hariri: How do you build a sacred space?
	Vusi Mahlasela: "Woza"
	Morley: "Women of Hope"
	Marisa Fick-Jordan: The wonder of Zulu wire art
	Raul Midon: "Peace on Earth"
	David Griffin: How photography connects us
	Tracy Chevalier: Finding the story inside the painting
	Rick Smolan: The story of a girl
	Nellie McKay: "The Dog Song"
	John Bohannon: Dance vs. powerpoint, a modest proposal
	Reuben Margolin: Sculpting waves in wood and time
	eL Seed: A project of peace, painted across 50 buildings
	Stephen Burt: Why people need poetry
	Michael Hansmeyer: Building unimaginable shapes
	Carl Safina: What are animals thinking and feeling?
	Karen Bass: Unseen footage, untamed nature
	Carolyn Jones: A tribute to nurses
	Caroline Lavelle: Casting a spell on the cello
	David Holt: The joyful tradition of mountain music
	Meklit Hadero: The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds
	Natalie MacMaster: Fiddling in reel time
	Amy Green: A video game to cope with grief
	Alyssa Monks: How loss helped one artist find beauty in imperfection
	Gustavo Dudamel and the Teresa Carreño Youth Orchestra: El Sistema"s top youth orchestra
	Pamelia Kurstin: The untouchable music of the theremin
	Miru Kim: My underground art explorations
	Beverly + Dereck Joubert: Life lessons from big cats
	Rokia Traore: "Kounandi"
	Harry Baker: A love poem for lonely prime numbers
	C.K. Williams: Poetry of youth and age
	Nathaniel Kahn: Scenes from "My Architect"
	Arthur Ganson: Moving sculpture
	Tom Shannon: Anti-gravity sculpture
	Wayne McGregor: A choreographer"s creative process in real time
	Eric Lewis: Chaos and harmony on piano
	Kaki King: Playing "Pink Noise" on guitar
	Felix Dennis: Odes to vice and consequences
	Danielle Feinberg: The magic ingredient that brings Pixar movies to life
	Jimmy Nelson: Gorgeous portraits of the world"s vanishing people
	Jonathan Drori: The beautiful tricks of flowers
	David Macaulay: An illustrated journey through Rome
	Rokia Traore: "M"Bifo"
	Robert Hammond: Building a park in the sky
	Béatrice Coron: Stories cut from paper
	Vishal Vaid: Hypnotic South Asian improv music
	Vincent Moon and Naná Vasconcelos: Hidden music rituals around the world
	Frans Lanting: The story of life in photographs
	Jorge Drexler: Poetry, music and identity
	Inara George: "Family Tree"
	Jok Church: A circle of caring
	Shilo Shiv Suleman: Using tech to enable dreaming
	Camille A. Brown: A visual history of social dance in 25 moves
	Maya Beiser: A cello with many voices
	Natalie Merchant: Singing old poems to life
	Camille Seaman: Haunting photos of polar ice
	Golan Levin: Software (as) art
	Jason deCaires Taylor: An underwater art museum, teeming with life
	Alexander Tsiaras: Conception to birth -- visualized
	Eric Whitacre: A choir as big as the Internet
	Quixotic Fusion: Dancing with light
	Gary Greenberg: The beautiful nano details of our world
	Janet Echelman: Taking imagination seriously
	Tiq Milan and Kim Katrin Milan: A queer vision of love and marriage
	Louie Schwartzberg: Nature. Beauty. Gratitude.
	Miwa Matreyek: Glorious visions in animation and performance
	Charles Hazlewood: Trusting the ensemble
	Lemon Andersen: Please don"t take my Air Jordans
	Steven Addis: A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time
	Raul Midon: "Tembererana"
	Robert Gupta + Joshua Roman: On violin and cello, "Passacaglia"
	Nora York: Singing "What I Want"
	The Lady Lifers: A moving song from women in prison for life
	Thomas Dolby: "Love Is a Loaded Pistol"
	Natalie MacMaster: Cape Breton fiddling in reel time
	Aakash Odedra: A dance in a hurricane of paper, wind and light
	Anastasia Taylor-Lind: Fighters and mourners of the Ukrainian revolution
	Rachelle Garniez: "La Vie en Rose"
	Rodrigo y Gabriela: An electrifying acoustic guitar performance
	Elora Hardy: Magical houses, made of bamboo
	Ethel: A string quartet plays "Blue Room"
	Trevor Copp and Jeff Fox: Ballroom dance that breaks gender roles
	Nick Veasey: Exposing the invisible
	Mandy Len Catron: Falling in love is the easy part
	Laolu Senbanjo: "The Sacred Art of the Ori"
	Paul Nicklen: Animal tales from icy wonderlands
	Louie Schwartzberg: The hidden beauty of pollination
	Danielle de Niese: A flirtatious aria
	Sophie Hunger: Songs of secrets and city lights
	Eric Whitacre: Virtual Choir Live
	Lakshmi Pratury: The lost art of letter-writing
	Caroline Phillips: Hurdy-gurdy for beginners
	Bill T. Jones: The dancer, the singer, the cellist ... and a moment of creative magic
	Thomas Peschak: Dive into an ocean photographer"s world
	Magda Sayeg: How yarn bombing grew into a worldwide movement
	Imogen Heap: "Wait It Out"
	Anika Paulson: How I found myself through music
	Robin Morgan: 4 powerful poems about Parkinson"s and growing older
	Carter Emmart: A 3D atlas of the universe
	Ji-Hae Park: The violin, and my dark night of the soul
	Sara Ramirez: "Rollercoaster"
	Eddi Reader: "What You"ve Got"
	Herbie Hancock: An all-star set
	Mac Stone: Stunning photos of the endangered Everglades
	Ravin Agrawal: 10 young Indian artists to watch
	David Byrne, Ethel + Thomas Dolby: "(Nothing But) Flowers" with string quartet
	Mandy Len Catron: A better way to talk about love
	Jackson Browne: A song inspired by the ocean
	Angélica Dass: The beauty of human skin in every color
	Jon Boogz and Lil Buck: A dance to honor Mother Earth
	Camille Seaman: Photos from a storm chaser
	Cristina Domenech: Poetry that frees the soul
	Alec Soth + Stacey Baker: This is what enduring love looks like
	Bernie Krause: The voice of the natural world
	Eric Whitacre: A virtual choir 2,000 voices strong
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	72946
	*************Beautiful*************
	
	
	*************Confusing*************
	Marvin Minsky: Health and the human mind
	Eames Demetrios: The design genius of Charles + Ray Eames
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	205
	*************Confusing*************
	
	
	*************Courageous*************
	Lewis Pugh: How I swam the North Pole
	Sherwin Nuland: How electroshock therapy changed me
	Aaron Huey: America"s native prisoners of war
	Eman Mohammed: The courage to tell a hidden story
	Sunitha Krishnan: The fight against sex slavery
	Ingrid Betancourt: What six years in captivity taught me about fear and faith
	Shaffi Mather: A new way to fight corruption
	Jennifer Brea: What happens when you have a disease doctors can"t diagnose
	Peter Eigen: How to expose the corrupt
	Kimberley Motley: How I defend the rule of law
	Joel Burns: A message to gay teens: It gets better
	Ashley Judd: How online abuse of women has spiraled out of control
	Leana Wen: What your doctor won’t disclose
	Oren Yakobovich: Hidden cameras that film injustice in the world’s most dangerous places
	OluTimehin Adegbeye: Who belongs in a city?
	Khadija Gbla: My mother’s strange definition of empowerment
	Sayu Bhojwani: Immigrant voices make democracy stronger
	Julian Assange: Why the world needs WikiLeaks
	Ione Wells: How we talk about sexual assault online
	Morgana Bailey: The danger of hiding who you are
	Lee Mokobe: A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender
	Suki Kim: This is what it"s like to go undercover in North Korea
	Elyn Saks: A tale of mental illness -- from the inside
	David Damberger: What happens when an NGO admits failure
	Jean-Paul Mari: The chilling aftershock of a brush with death
	Monika Bulaj: The hidden light of Afghanistan
	Deeyah Khan: What we don"t know about Europe"s Muslim kids
	Lisa Kristine: Photos that bear witness to modern slavery
	Ed Gavagan: A story about knots and surgeons
	Bahia Shehab: A thousand times no
	Matt Kenyon: A secret memorial for civilian casualties
	Brian Goldman: Doctors make mistakes. Can we talk about that?
	Joshua Walters: On being just crazy enough
	Heather Brooke: My battle to expose government corruption
	Lemn Sissay: A child of the state
	JD Schramm: Break the silence for suicide attempt survivors
	Sue Klebold: My son was a Columbine shooter. This is my story
	Thordis Elva and Tom Stranger: Our story of rape and reconciliation
	Alan Eustace: I leapt from the stratosphere. Here"s how I did it
	Cameron Russell: Looks aren"t everything. Believe me, I"m a model.
	Janine di Giovanni: What I saw in the war
	Leslie Morgan Steiner: Why domestic violence victims don"t leave
	Zahra" Langhi: Why Libya"s revolution didn"t work -- and what might
	Afra Raymond: Three myths about corruption
	Hyeonseo Lee: My escape from North Korea
	James Nachtwey: My wish: Let my photographs bear witness
	Ivan Coyote: Why we need gender-neutral bathrooms
	Jorge Ramos: Why journalists have an obligation to challenge power
	Peter Saul: Let"s talk about dying
	Deborah Scranton: An Iraq war movie crowd-sourced from soldiers
	Anas Aremeyaw Anas: How I named, shamed and jailed
	Megan Phelps-Roper: I grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here"s why I left
	Manal al-Sharif: A Saudi woman who dared to drive
	Peter Attia: Is the obesity crisis hiding a bigger problem?
	Charmian Gooch: Meet global corruption"s hidden players
	Eleanor Longden: The voices in my head
	Suzanne Barakat: Islamophobia killed my brother. Let"s end the hate
	Kevin Breel: Confessions of a depressed comic
	Sitawa Wafula: Why I speak up about living with epilepsy
	Barat Ali Batoor: My desperate journey with a human smuggler
	Carvens Lissaint: "Put the financial aid in the bag"
	Richard Dawkins: Militant atheism
	Ameera Harouda: Why I put myself in danger to tell the stories of Gaza
	Juno Mac: The laws that sex workers really want
	Boniface Mwangi: The day I stood up alone
	Samantha Nutt: The real harm of the global arms trade
	Michael Botticelli: Addiction is a disease. We should treat it like one
	Esta Soler: How we turned the tide on domestic violence (Hint: the Polaroid helped)
	Edward Snowden: Here"s how we take back the Internet
	Geena Rocero: Why I must come out
	Monica Lewinsky: The price of shame
	Corneille Ewango: A hero of the Congo forest
	Tom Honey: Why would God create a tsunami?
	Vincent Cochetel: I was held hostage for 317 days. Here"s what I thought about…
	Gerard Ryle: How the Panama Papers journalists broke the biggest leak in history
	Kristen Ashburn: The face of AIDS in Africa
	Newton Aduaka: The story of Ezra
	Karima Bennoune: When people of Muslim heritage challenge fundamentalism
	Will Potter: The secret US prisons you"ve never heard of before
	Sophal Ear: Escaping the Khmer Rouge
	Meera Vijayann: Find your voice against gender violence
	Manwar Ali: Inside the mind of a former radical jihadist
	Sethembile Msezane: Living sculptures that stand for history"s truths
	Colin Grant: How our stories cross over
	Steve Truglia: A leap from the edge of space
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	67666
	*************Courageous*************
	
	
	*************Fascinating*************
	Martin Hanczyc: The line between life and not-life
	Daniel Wolpert: The real reason for brains
	Paul Zak: Trust, morality -- and oxytocin?
	Iain McGilchrist: The divided brain
	Richard Seymour: How beauty feels
	Alison Gopnik: What do babies think?
	Christoph Adami: Finding life we can"t imagine
	Richard Resnick: Welcome to the genomic revolution
	Lee Cronin: Making matter come alive
	Svante Pääbo: DNA clues to our inner neanderthal
	Marco Tempest: The magic of truth and lies (and iPods)
	Donald Hoffman: Do we see reality as it is?
	Adam Ostrow: After your final status update
	Juan Enriquez: What will humans look like in 100 years?
	Paul Bloom: The origins of pleasure
	Geoffrey West: The surprising math of cities and corporations
	Kevin Slavin: How algorithms shape our world
	Roger Antonsen: Math is the hidden secret to understanding the world
	Rajesh Rao: A Rosetta Stone for a lost language
	Honor Harger: A history of the universe in sound
	Daniel Tammet: Different ways of knowing
	Daniel Kraft: Medicine"s future? There"s an app for that
	Jack Horner: Building a dinosaur from a chicken
	Aaron O"Connell: Making sense of a visible quantum object
	Martine Rothblatt: My daughter, my wife, our robot, and the quest for immortality
	Aaron Koblin: Visualizing ourselves ... with crowd-sourced data
	Edith Widder: The weird, wonderful world of bioluminescence
	Ed Boyden: A light switch for neurons
	Dawn Landes: A song for my hero, the woman who rowed into a hurricane
	Sean Carroll: Distant time and the hint of a multiverse
	Harvey Fineberg: Are we ready for neo-evolution?
	Abe Davis: New video technology that reveals an object"s hidden properties
	Anil Ananthaswamy: What it takes to do extreme astrophysics
	Greg Gage: How to control someone else"s arm with your brain
	David Christian: The history of our world in 18 minutes
	Janna Levin: The sound the universe makes
	Fred Jansen: How to land on a comet
	Deb Roy: The birth of a word
	Patricia Kuhl: The linguistic genius of babies
	Cynthia Breazeal: The rise of personal robots
	Hod Lipson: Building "self-aware" robots
	Anders Ynnerman: Visualizing the medical data explosion
	David Eagleman: Can we create new senses for humans?
	Amber Case: We are all cyborgs now
	Charles Limb: Your brain on improv
	Helder Guimarães: A magical search for a coincidence
	VS Ramachandran: 3 clues to understanding your brain
	Denis Dutton: A Darwinian theory of beauty
	Gero Miesenboeck: Re-engineering the brain
	Paul Rothemund: Playing with DNA that self-assembles
	Brian Dettmer: Old books reborn as art
	Stefano Mancuso: The roots of plant intelligence
	Sebastian Seung: I am my connectome
	Miguel Nicolelis: Brain-to-brain communication has arrived. How we did it
	Alwar Balasubramaniam: Art of substance and absence
	Rachel Sussman: The world"s oldest living things
	David McCandless: The beauty of data visualization
	Seth Priebatsch: The game layer on top of the world
	Peter Molyneux: Meet Milo, the virtual boy
	Robert Full: The sticky wonder of gecko feet
	Ron Eglash: The fractals at the heart of African designs
	Laurie Santos: A monkey economy as irrational as ours
	John Delaney: Wiring an interactive ocean
	Dimitar Sasselov: How we found hundreds of potential Earth-like planets
	Matt Ridley: When ideas have sex
	Benoit Mandelbrot: Fractals and the art of roughness
	David Byrne: How architecture helped music evolve
	Deborah Gordon: The emergent genius of ant colonies
	David Gallo: Underwater astonishments
	Stephen Wolfram: Computing a theory of all knowledge
	Edith Widder: Glowing life in an underwater world
	Joel Levine: Why we need to go back to Mars
	George Dyson: The story of Project Orion
	Richard Feynman: Physics is fun to imagine
	Harsha Bhogle: The rise of cricket, the rise of India
	Daniel Kahneman: The riddle of experience vs. memory
	Bobby McFerrin: Watch me play ... the audience!
	Steve Jurvetson: Model rocketry
	Kevin Kelly: Technology"s epic story
	Roy Gould + Curtis Wong: A preview of the WorldWide Telescope
	Fabien Cousteau: What I learned from spending 31 days underwater
	Nicholas Negroponte: 5 predictions, from 1984
	Anthony Atala: Growing new organs
	David Blaine: How I held my breath for 17 minutes
	Robert Sapolsky: The uniqueness of humans
	Vilayanur Ramachandran: The neurons that shaped civilization
	Michael Sandel: What"s the right thing to do?
	Charles Anderson: Dragonflies that fly across oceans
	Elon Musk: The future we"re building -- and boring
	Hans Rosling: Asia"s rise -- how and when
	Christopher deCharms: A look inside the brain in real time
	Marcus du Sautoy: Symmetry, reality"s riddle
	Paul Debevec: Animating a photo-real digital face
	Henry Markram: A brain in a supercomputer
	David Hanson: Robots that "show emotion"
	Eric Sanderson: New York -- before the City
	Beau Lotto: Optical illusions show how we see
	Garik Israelian: How spectroscopy could reveal alien life
	Taryn Simon: Photographs of secret sites
	Oliver Sacks: What hallucination reveals about our minds
	Rebecca Saxe: How we read each other"s minds
	Siegfried Woldhek: The search for the true face of Leonardo
	Evan Grant: Making sound visible through cymatics
	Marc Raibert: Meet Spot, the robot dog that can run, hop and open doors
	Jim Holt: Why does the universe exist?
	Stephen Hawking: Questioning the universe
	Vanessa Ruiz: The spellbinding art of human anatomy
	Brian Greene: Making sense of string theory
	Brian Cox: CERN"s supercollider
	Catherine Mohr: Surgery"s past, present and robotic future
	Paul Stamets: 6 ways mushrooms can save the world
	Jane Poynter: Life in Biosphere 2
	Robert Full: Learning from the gecko"s tail
	Michael Moschen: Juggling as art ... and science
	Carolyn Porco: Could a Saturn moon harbor life?
	Dan Ariely: Are we in control of our own decisions?
	Joshua Klein: A thought experiment on the intelligence of crows
	Robert Ballard: The astonishing hidden world of the deep ocean
	Margaret Wertheim: The beautiful math of coral
	JoAnn Kuchera-Morin: Stunning data visualization in the AlloSphere
	Bonnie Bassler: How bacteria "talk"
	Susan Blackmore: Memes and "temes"
	Sarah Parcak: Hunting for Peru"s lost civilizations -- with satellites
	Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code
	Stuart Brown: Play is more than just fun
	Heather Barnett: What humans can learn from semi-intelligent slime
	David Chalmers: How do you explain consciousness?
	Richard Pyle: A dive into the reef"s Twilight Zone
	Wade Davis: The worldwide web of belief and ritual
	David Kwong: Two nerdy obsessions meet -- and it"s magic
	Juan Enriquez: The next species of human
	Natasha Hurley-Walker: How radio telescopes show us unseen galaxies
	Scott McCloud: The visual magic of comics
	Steven Strogatz: The science of sync
	Jay Walker: My library of human imagination
	Robert Full: Robots inspired by cockroach ingenuity
	Richard Preston: The mysterious lives of giant trees
	George Smoot: The design of the universe
	Charles Elachi: The story behind the Mars Rovers
	Luca Turin: The science of scent
	Suzanne Simard: How trees talk to each other
	Graham Hawkes: A flight through the ocean
	Zach Kaplan + Keith Schacht: Toys and materials from the future
	Paul MacCready: Nature vs. humans
	Paola Antonelli: Design and the Elastic Mind
	Garrett Lisi: An 8-dimensional model of the universe
	David Perry: Are games better than life?
	Liz Diller: The Blur Building and other tech-empowered architecture
	Robert Full: The secrets of nature"s grossest creatures, channeled into robots
	David Gallo: Life in the deep oceans
	Paul Rothemund: DNA folding, in detail
	John Q. Walker: Great piano performances, recreated
	Spencer Wells: A family tree for humanity
	Robert Lang: The math and magic of origami
	Kevin Kelly: The next 5,000 days of the web
	Freeman Dyson: Let"s look for life in the outer solar system
	Torsten Reil: Animate characters by evolving them
	Jeremy Kasdin: The flower-shaped starshade that might help us detect Earth-like planets
	Louie Schwartzberg: Hidden miracles of the natural world
	Blaise Agüera y Arcas: How computers are learning to be creative
	Allan Adams: The discovery that could rewrite physics
	Ed Yong: Zombie roaches and other parasite tales
	Richard Dawkins: Why the universe seems so strange
	Mary Lou Jepsen: Could future devices read images from our brains?
	Malcolm Gladwell: Choice, happiness and spaghetti sauce
	Alex Wissner-Gross: A new equation for intelligence
	Amit Sood: Every piece of art you"ve ever wanted to see -- up close and searchable
	Cédric Villani: What"s so sexy about math?
	Guy Hoffman: Robots with "soul"
	Ryan Holladay: To hear this music you have to be there. Literally
	Mariano Sigman: Your words may predict your future mental health
	Eddy Cartaya: My glacier cave discoveries
	Geraldine Hamilton: Body parts on a chip
	Dan Gilbert: The surprising science of happiness
	Anil Seth: Your brain hallucinates your conscious reality
	Arthur Benjamin: The magic of Fibonacci numbers
	Gian Giudice: Why our universe might exist on a knife-edge
	Parul Sehgal: An ode to envy
	R. Luke DuBois: Insightful human portraits made from data
	Iwan Baan: Ingenious homes in unexpected places
	Malcolm Gladwell: The unheard story of David and Goliath
	Andras Forgacs: Leather and meat without killing animals
	Eric Berlow and Sean Gourley: Mapping ideas worth spreading
	Steve Ramirez and Xu Liu: A mouse. A laser beam. A manipulated memory.
	Beardyman: The polyphonic me
	Bastian Schaefer: A 3D-printed jumbo jet?
	Tabetha Boyajian: The most mysterious star in the universe
	John Searle: Our shared condition -- consciousness
	Tom Thum: The orchestra in my mouth
	The interspecies internet? An idea in progress
	Jinha Lee: Reach into the computer and grab a pixel
	Michael Archer: How we"ll resurrect the gastric brooding frog, the Tasmanian tiger
	Alex Kipman: A futuristic vision of the age of holograms
	Denise Herzing: Could we speak the language of dolphins?
	Meron Gribetz: A glimpse of the future through an augmented reality headset
	Liu Bolin: The invisible man
	Martin Rees: Is this our final century?
	Ani Liu: Smelfies, and other experiments in synthetic biology
	Anna Deavere Smith: Four American characters
	Andres Lozano: Parkinson"s, depression and the switch that might turn them off
	Keller Rinaudo: A mini robot -- powered by your phone
	Skylar Tibbits: The emergence of "4D printing"
	Katherine Kuchenbecker: The technology of touch
	Stewart Brand: The dawn of de-extinction. Are you ready?
	Raffaello D"Andrea: Meet the dazzling flying machines of the future
	Allan Adams: What the discovery of gravitational waves means
	Edith Widder: How we found the giant squid
	Al Seckel: Visual illusions that show how we (mis)think
	Bruno Maisonnier: Dance, tiny robots!
	Jocelyne Bloch: The brain may be able to repair itself -- with help
	Michael Dickinson: How a fly flies
	Miguel Nicolelis: A monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. No, really.
	Gregory Heyworth: How I"m discovering the secrets of ancient texts
	Lee Cronin: Print your own medicine
	Sean Follmer: Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it
	David Gruber: Glow-in-the-dark sharks and other stunning sea creatures
	Marcus Byrne: The dance of the dung beetle
	Jill Heinerth: The mysterious world of underwater caves
	Ole Scheeren: Why great architecture should tell a story
	Maurice Conti: The incredible inventions of intuitive AI
	Leah Buechley: How to "sketch" with electronics
	Maurizio Seracini: The secret lives of paintings
	Sheila Patek: The shrimp with a kick!
	Danit Peleg: Forget shopping. Soon you"ll download your new clothes
	Robin Hanson: What would happen if we upload our brains to computers?
	Guillaume Néry: The exhilarating peace of freediving
	Alexander Wagner: What really motivates people to be honest in business
	Rob Legato: The art of creating awe
	Jon Ronson: Strange answers to the psychopath test
	Neil Harbisson: I listen to color
	Matt Mills: Image recognition that triggers augmented reality
	Mina Bissell: Experiments that point to a new understanding of cancer
	Jared Ficklin: New ways to see music (with color! and fire!)
	Chris Gerdes: The future race car -- 150mph, and no driver
	Jon Nguyen: Tour the solar system from home
	Juan Enriquez: Will our kids be a different species?
	Francesco Sauro: Deep under the Earth"s surface, discovering beauty and science
	William Noel: Revealing the lost codex of Archimedes
	Nathan Wolfe: What"s left to explore?
	Neri Oxman: Design at the intersection of technology and biology
	Brian Greene: Is our universe the only universe?
	Taryn Simon: The stories behind the bloodlines
	Frans de Waal: Moral behavior in animals
	Tierney Thys +  Plankton Chronicles Project: The secret life of plankton
	Marco Tempest: A magical tale (with augmented reality)
	Jer Thorp: Make data more human
	David Gallo: Deep ocean mysteries and wonders
	Chris Anderson (TED): Questions no one knows the answers to
	Greg Gage: The cockroach beatbox
	Neil MacGregor: 2600 years of history in one object
	Erik Johansson: Impossible photography
	Danny Hillis: Back to the future (of 1994)
	Jim Al-Khalili: How quantum biology might explain life’s biggest questions
	Dustin Yellin: A journey through the mind of an artist
	Tony Wyss-Coray: How young blood might help reverse aging. Yes, really
	Scott Rickard: The beautiful math behind the world"s ugliest music
	Drew Berry: Animations of unseeable biology
	Jeff Hawkins: How brain science will change computing
	Yuval Noah Harari: What explains the rise of humans?
	Yoav Medan: Ultrasound surgery -- healing without cuts
	Cynthia Kenyon: Experiments that hint of longer lives
	Alan Russell: The potential of regenerative medicine
	Ben Kacyra: Ancient wonders captured in 3D
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	173872
	*************Fascinating*************
	
	
	*************Funny*************
	Renny Gleeson: Our antisocial phone tricks
	Carmen Agra Deedy: Once upon a time, my mother ...
	Negin Farsad: A highly scientific taxonomy of haters
	David Carson: Design and discovery
	Emily Levine: A theory of everything
	Gabriel Barcia-Colombo: Capturing memories in video art
	Renny Gleeson: 404, the story of a page not found
	Mark Applebaum: The mad scientist of music
	Erin McKean: The joy of lexicography
	Clifford Stoll: The call to learn
	Uldus Bakhtiozina: Wry photos that turn stereotypes upside down
	Jill Sobule: Global warming"s theme song, "Manhattan in January"
	Al Vernacchio: Sex needs a new metaphor. Here"s one ...
	Yossi Vardi: We"re worried about local warming ... in your lap
	Robin Ince: Science versus wonder?
	Seth Godin: This is broken
	Aparna Rao: Art that craves your attention
	Michael Shermer: Why people believe weird things
	Douglas Adams: Parrots, the universe and everything
	Mary Roach: 10 things you didn"t know about orgasm
	Improv Everywhere: A TED speaker"s worst nightmare
	Einstein the Parrot: A talking, squawking parrot
	Chris Bliss: Comedy is translation
	Bob Mankoff: Anatomy of a New Yorker cartoon
	Jill Sobule + Julia Sweeney: The Jill and Julia Show
	Tom Rielly: A comic sendup of TED2006
	Morgan Spurlock: The greatest TED Talk ever sold
	Derek Sivers: Weird, or just different?
	Heather Knight: Silicon-based comedy
	Joe Kowan: How I beat stage fright
	Kary Mullis: Play! Experiment! Discover!
	Jennifer 8. Lee: The hunt for General Tso
	Liza Donnelly: Drawing on humor for change
	John Lloyd: An animated tour of the invisible
	Rives: If I controlled the Internet
	Phil Plait: How to defend Earth from asteroids
	Luke Syson: How I learned to stop worrying and love "useless" art
	Rufus Griscom + Alisa Volkman: Let"s talk parenting taboos
	Sophie Scott: Why we laugh
	Sarah Jones: One woman, five characters, and a sex lesson from the future
	Latif Nasser: You have no idea where camels really come from
	Carrie Poppy: A scientific approach to the paranormal
	Chip Kidd: The art of first impressions -- in design and life
	Rainn Wilson: Ideas worth dating
	Paola Antonelli: Why I brought Pac-Man to MoMA
	Jean-Baptiste Michel + Erez Lieberman Aiden: What we learned from 5 million books
	David Grady: How to save the world (or at least yourself) from bad meetings
	Charlie Todd: The shared experience of absurdity
	David Pogue: Cool tricks your phone can do
	Ze Frank: Are you human?
	Jesse Schell: When games invade real life
	Nicole Paris and Ed Cage: A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo
	Ruby Wax: What"s so funny about mental illness?
	James Veitch: The agony of trying to unsubscribe
	Tim Urban: Inside the mind of a master procrastinator
	Bruce McCall: What is retro-futurism?
	Thomas Hellum: The world"s most boring television ... and why it"s hilariously addictive
	Billy Collins: Everyday moments, caught in time
	John Hodgman: Design, explained.
	AJ Jacobs: My year of living biblically
	Adam Savage: My love letter to cosplay
	Adam Savage: My obsession with objects and the stories they tell
	Chip Kidd: Designing books is no laughing matter. OK, it is.
	Nellie McKay: "Mother of Pearl," "If I Had You"
	Dan Dennett: Cute, sexy, sweet, funny
	Andy Hobsbawm: Do the green thing
	Patrick Chappatte: The power of cartoons
	Melissa Marshall: Talk nerdy to me
	They Might Be Giants: Wake up! It"s They Might Be Giants!
	David Pogue: Simplicity sells
	Golan Levin: Art that looks back at you
	Billy Collins: Two poems about what dogs think (probably)
	Isaac Mizrahi: Fashion and creativity
	Christopher "moot" Poole": The case for anonymity online
	Ursus Wehrli: Tidying up art
	Rives: Reinventing the encyclopedia game
	John Maeda: Designing for simplicity
	Shea Hembrey: How I became 100 artists
	Randall Munroe: Comics that ask "what if?"
	Nathan Myhrvold: Archeology, animal photography, BBQ ...
	Jane McGonigal: Massively multi-player… thumb-wrestling?
	James Veitch: This is what happens when you reply to spam email
	Marco Tempest: And for my next trick, a robot
	Rives: The  4 a.m. mystery
	Don Norman: 3 ways good design makes you happy
	Ken Jennings: Watson, Jeopardy and me, the obsolete know-it-all
	Sarah Jones: What does the future hold? 11 characters offer quirky answers
	Jill Shargaa: Please, please, people. Let"s put the "awe" back in "awesome"
	Vik Muniz: Art with wire, sugar, chocolate and string
	Kees Moeliker: How a dead duck changed my life
	Jenna McCarthy: What you don"t know about marriage
	Todd Scott: An intergalactic guide to using a defibrillator
	Alison Jackson: An unusual glimpse at celebrity
	Mechai Viravaidya: How Mr. Condom made Thailand a better place for life and love
	Sam Martin: Claim your "manspace"
	AJ Jacobs: How healthy living nearly killed me
	Philippe Starck: Design and destiny
	Paolo Cardini: Forget multitasking, try monotasking
	Mac Barnett: Why a good book is a secret door
	Joe Smith: How to use a paper towel
	Sofi Tukker: "Awoo"
	Maz Jobrani: A Saudi, an Indian and an Iranian walk into a Qatari bar ...
	Drew Curtis: How I beat a patent troll
	Eduardo Sáenz de Cabezón: Math is forever
	Ze Frank: Nerdcore comedy
	AJ Jacobs: The world"s largest family reunion ... we"re all invited!
	Marc Abrahams: A science award that makes you laugh, then think
	Sebastian Wernicke: 1,000 TED Talks in six words
	Alexis Ohanian: How to make a splash in social media
	Hetain Patel: Who am I? Think again
	Sarah Jones: A one-woman global village
	Roman Mars: Why city flags may be the worst-designed thing you"ve never noticed
	Marco Tempest: Augmented reality, techno-magic
	Allison Hunt: How to get (a new) hip
	Dan Bell: Inside America"s dead shopping malls
	Stew: "Black Men Ski"
	Shimpei Takahashi: Play this word game to come up with original ideas
	Improv Everywhere: Gotta share!
	Rob Reid: The $8 billion iPod
	Rich Benjamin: My road trip through the whitest towns in America
	Rives: A story of mixed emoticons
	James Randi: Homeopathy, quackery and fraud
	Raspyni Brothers: Juggle and jest
	Terry Moore: How to tie your shoes
	Stella Young: I"m not your inspiration, thank you very much
	Kate Hartman: The art of wearable communication
	John Hodgman: Aliens, love -- where are they?
	TED staff: It"s TED, the Musical
	Amy Webb: How I hacked online dating
	Eric Mead: The magic of the placebo
	Jack Horner: Where are the baby dinosaurs?
	Hans Rosling: The magic washing machine
	Brian Little: Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality
	Reggie Watts: Beats that defy boxes
	Al Gore: Averting the climate crisis
	Kevin Allocca: Why videos go viral
	John Lloyd: An inventory of the invisible
	Rory Sutherland: Sweat the small stuff
	Sebastian Wernicke: Lies, damned lies and statistics (about TEDTalks)
	Arianna Huffington: How to succeed? Get more sleep
	Thomas Thwaites: How I built a toaster -- from scratch
	Marlene Zuk: What we learn from insects" sex lives
	Joe Sabia: The technology of storytelling
	Hasan Elahi: FBI, here I am!
	Isabel Behncke: Evolution"s gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans
	Hillel Cooperman: Legos for grownups
	Nellie McKay: "Clonie"
	Carin Bondar: The birds and the bees are just the beginning
	Hannah Fry: The mathematics of love
	Adam Spencer: Why I fell in love with monster prime numbers
	Mary Norris: The nit-picking glory of The New Yorker"s Comma Queen
	David Pogue: The music wars
	Julia Sweeney: Letting go of God
	Jamil Abu-Wardeh: The Axis of Evil Middle East Comedy Tour
	Erin McKean: Go ahead, make up new words!
	Julia Sweeney: It"s time for "The Talk"
	Charles Fleischer: All things are Moleeds
	Maira Kalman: The illustrated woman
	Rory Sutherland: Life lessons from an ad man
	J.J. Abrams: The mystery box
	Rory  Bremner: A one-man world summit
	Maz Jobrani: Did you hear the one about the Iranian-American?
	Joachim de Posada: Don"t eat the marshmallow!
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	148807
	*************Funny*************
	
	
	*************Informative*************
	Cynthia Schneider: The surprising spread of Idol TV
	Edward Burtynsky: Photographing the landscape of oil
	Rachel Pike: The science behind a climate headline
	Cameron Sinclair: The refugees of boom-and-bust
	Stefana Broadbent: How the Internet enables intimacy
	Anders Fjellberg: Two nameless bodies washed up on the beach. Here are their stories
	Stefan Wolff: The path to ending ethnic conflicts
	Eric Berlow: Simplifying complexity
	Ian Goldin: Navigating our global future
	Kenneth Cukier: Big data is better data
	Misha Glenny: Hire the hackers!
	John Gerzema: The post-crisis consumer
	Julian Treasure: The 4 ways sound affects us
	JP Rangaswami: Information is food
	Alyson McGregor: Why medicine often has dangerous side effects for women
	Vijay Kumar: The future of flying robots
	Michael Green: How we can make the world a better place by 2030
	Lord Nicholas Stern: The state of the climate — and what we might do about it
	Antonio Donato Nobre: The magic of the Amazon: A river that flows invisibly all around us
	Carolyn Steel: How food shapes our cities
	Rory Sutherland: Perspective is everything
	Andrew Connolly: What"s the next window into our universe?
	Parag Khanna: Mapping the future of countries
	Rishi Manchanda: What makes us get sick? Look upstream
	Gary Kovacs: Tracking our online trackers
	Evgeny Morozov: How the Net aids dictatorships
	Hans and Ola Rosling: How not to be ignorant about the world
	Eleni Gabre-Madhin: A commodities exchange for Ethiopia
	Jun Wang: How digital DNA could help you make better health choices
	Misha Glenny: How global crime networks work
	Todd Coleman: A temporary tattoo that brings hospital care to the home
	Amory Lovins: A 40-year plan for energy
	Nadine Burke Harris: How childhood trauma affects health across a lifetime
	Lauren Zalaznick: The conscience of television
	Kristina Gjerde: Making law on the high seas
	Niall Ferguson: The 6 killer apps of prosperity
	Cary Fowler: One seed at a time, protecting the future of food
	Zeynep Tufekci: Machine intelligence makes human morals more important
	Hans Rosling: Let my dataset change your mindset
	Angelo Vermeulen: How to go to space, without having to go to space
	Stephanie Busari: How fake news does real harm
	Sandrine Thuret: You can grow new brain cells. Here"s how
	David Hoffman: Sputnik mania
	Eduardo Paes: The 4 commandments of cities
	Jimmy Wales: The birth of Wikipedia
	Nina Jablonski: Skin color is an illusion
	Jim Fallon: Exploring the mind of a killer
	Rob Knight: How our microbes make us who we are
	Stewart Brand: 4 environmental "heresies"
	Philippa Neave: The unexpected challenges of a country"s first election
	Tom Wujec: 3 ways the brain creates meaning
	Jan Chipchase: The anthropology of mobile phones
	Yochai Benkler: The new open-source economics
	Jon Bergmann: Just how small is an atom?
	Leslie Dodson: Don"t misrepresent Africa
	Martin Rees: Can we prevent the end of the world?
	Ziyah Gafić: Everyday objects, tragic histories
	Malcolm Gladwell: The strange tale of the Norden bombsight
	Philip Zimbardo: The psychology of time
	Christina Warinner: Tracking ancient diseases using ... plaque
	Laura Carstensen: Older people are happier
	Clay Shirky: How social media can make history
	Armando Azua-Bustos: The most Martian place on Earth
	Laurel Braitman: Depressed dogs, cats with OCD — what animal madness means for us humans
	Nancy Etcoff: Happiness and its surprises
	Don Tapscott: How the blockchain is changing money and business
	Paul Ewald: Can we domesticate germs?
	Laura Boushnak: The deadly legacy of cluster bombs
	Ray Kurzweil: A university for the coming singularity
	Tim Berners-Lee: A Magna Carta for the web
	Jonathan Drori: Why we"re storing billions of seeds
	Timothy Ihrig: What we can do to die well
	Jay Walker: The world"s English mania
	Siddhartha Mukherjee: Soon we"ll cure diseases with a cell, not a pill
	Alice Bows-Larkin: Climate change is happening. Here"s how we adapt
	Olivier Scalabre: The next manufacturing revolution is here
	Nandan Nilekani: Ideas for India"s future
	Hans Rosling: Insights on HIV, in stunning data visuals
	Ben Wellington: How we found the worst place to park in New York City -- using big data
	Jennifer Pluznick: You smell with your body, not just your nose
	Alisa Miller: How the news distorts our worldview
	Al Gore: What comes after An Inconvenient Truth?
	Jon Gosier: The problem with "trickle-down techonomics"
	Richard Baraniuk: The birth of the open-source learning revolution
	Sean Gourley: The mathematics of war
	Brian Cox: What went wrong at the LHC
	Laurie Garrett: Lessons from the 1918 flu
	Michael Merzenich: Growing evidence of brain plasticity
	Talithia Williams: Own your body"s data
	Mark Bittman: What"s wrong with what we eat
	Nate Silver: Does racism affect how you vote?
	Erik Hersman: Reporting crisis via texting
	Amy Lockwood: Selling condoms in the Congo
	David Casarett: A doctor"s case for medical marijuana
	Janet Iwasa: How animations can help scientists test a hypothesis
	Jonathan Foley: The other inconvenient truth
	Hubertus Knabe: The dark secrets of a surveillance state
	Hanna Rosin: New data on the rise of women
	Elizabeth Murchison: Fighting a contagious cancer
	Bruce Bueno de Mesquita: A prediction for the future of Iran
	P.W. Singer: Military robots and the future of war
	Christopher C. Deam: The Airstream, restyled
	Margaret Gould Stewart: How giant websites design for you (and a billion others, too)
	Nathan Wolfe: The jungle search for viruses
	Kamal Meattle: How to grow fresh air
	Tim Berners-Lee: The next web
	George Tulevski: The next step in nanotechnology
	Annie Murphy Paul: What we learn before we"re born
	Andy Yen: Think your email"s private? Think again
	Sunni Brown: Doodlers, unite!
	Brenda Laurel: Why not make video games for girls?
	Evan Williams: The voices of Twitter users
	Wendy Troxel: Why school should start later for teens
	Daniel Schnitzer: Inventing is the easy part. Marketing takes work
	Charles Moore: Seas of plastic
	Noy Thrupkaew: Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works
	Sangu Delle: In praise of macro -- yes, macro -- finance in Africa
	Ian Bremmer: How the US should use its superpower status
	Renata Salecl: Our unhealthy obsession with choice
	Joe Lassiter: We need nuclear power to solve climate change
	James Green: 3 moons and a planet that could have alien life
	Dave Brain: What a planet needs to sustain life
	Paul Bloom: Can prejudice ever be a good thing?
	Lesley Hazleton: On reading the Koran
	Sofia Jawed-Wessel: The lies we tell pregnant women
	Peter Ward: A theory of Earth"s mass extinctions
	Sara Lewis: The loves and lies of fireflies
	Barry Schuler: Genomics 101
	Chris Domas: The 1s and 0s behind cyber warfare
	Julian Treasure: How to speak so that people want to listen
	Joseph Pine: What consumers want
	Peter Reinhart: The art and craft of bread
	Molly Winter: The taboo secret to better health
	Greg Lynn: Organic algorithms in architecture
	George Dyson: The birth of the computer
	Paul Sereno: Digging up dinosaurs
	Dean Ornish: Your genes are not your fate
	Naomi Oreskes: Why we should trust scientists
	Penelope Boston: There might just be life on Mars
	Benjamin Wallace: The price of happiness
	Dan Gilbert: Why we make bad decisions
	Natalie Panek: Let"s clean up the space junk orbiting Earth
	Dennis vanEngelsdorp: A plea for bees
	Lorrie Faith Cranor: What’s wrong with your pa$$w0rd?
	Deborah Rhodes: A test that finds 3x more breast tumors, and why it"s not available to you
	Philip Rosedale: Life in Second Life
	Samuel Cohen: Alzheimer"s is not normal aging — and we can cure it
	Gregory Petsko: The coming neurological epidemic
	Martin Reeves: How to build a business that lasts 100 years
	Bill Joy: What I"m worried about, what I"m excited about
	Noel Bairey Merz: The single biggest health threat women face
	T. Boone Pickens: Let"s transform energy -- with natural gas
	Anthony Goldbloom: The jobs we"ll lose to machines -- and the ones we won"t
	Lee Smolin: Science and democracy
	Maryn McKenna: What do we do when antibiotics don"t work any more?
	Sam Kass: Want kids to learn well? Feed them well
	Anne Curzan: What makes a word "real"?
	James Surowiecki: The power and the danger of online crowds
	Frances Larson: Why public beheadings get millions of views
	Robert Wright: The evolution of compassion
	Ed Boyden: A new way to study the brain"s invisible secrets
	Will Potter: The shocking move to criminalize nonviolent protest
	Keren Elazari: Hackers: the Internet"s immune system
	Jared Diamond: Why do societies collapse?
	Tasos Frantzolas: Everything you hear on film is a lie
	Ben Goldacre: Battling bad science
	Dean Ornish: Healing through diet
	Virginia Postrel: On glamour
	Susan Pinker: The secret to living longer may be your social life
	Steven Levitt: Surprising stats about child carseats
	Steven Johnson: The Web as a city
	James Nachtwey: Moving photos of extreme drug-resistant TB
	Yang Lan: The generation that"s remaking China
	Rodney Brooks: Robots will invade our lives
	Steven Pinker: Human nature and the blank slate
	Ali Carr-Chellman: Gaming to re-engage boys in learning
	Dan Gilbert: The psychology of your future self
	David S. Rose: How to pitch to a VC
	Ray Kurzweil: Get ready for hybrid thinking
	Jonathan Haidt: The moral roots of liberals and conservatives
	Ann Cooper: What"s wrong with school lunches
	Keith Bellows: The camel"s hump
	James Beacham: How we explore unanswered questions in physics
	Brewster Kahle: A free digital library
	Irwin Redlener: How to survive a nuclear attack
	Robyn Stein DeLuca: The good news about PMS
	Jonathan Drori: What we think we know
	Peter Hirshberg: The web is more than "better TV"
	Stephen Friend: The hunt for "unexpected genetic heroes"
	Kitra Cahana: A glimpse of life on the road
	Jon Mooallem: How the teddy bear taught us compassion
	Radhika Nagpal: What intelligent machines can learn from a school of fish
	Ian Dunbar: Dog-friendly dog training
	Martin Jacques: Understanding the rise of China
	Chris Urmson: How a driverless car sees the road
	Patricia Burchat: Shedding light on dark matter
	David Rothkopf: How fear drives American politics
	Kwabena Boahen: A computer that works like the brain
	Anjali Tripathi: Why Earth may someday look like Mars
	Reed Kroloff: A tour of modern architecture
	Sebastian Junger: Why veterans miss war
	Louise Leakey: A dig for humanity"s origins
	Lisa Dyson: A forgotten Space Age technology could change how we grow food
	Joseph DeSimone: What if 3D printing was 100x faster?
	Chris Kluwe: How augmented reality will change sports ... and build empathy
	Helen Fisher: The brain in love
	Mehdi Ordikhani-Seyedlar: What happens in your brain when you pay attention?
	Clay Shirky: Institutions vs. collaboration
	Jackie Savitz: Save the oceans, feed the world!
	Chris Anderson: Technology"s long tail
	Johanna Blakley: Social media and the end of gender
	Tristram Wyatt: The smelly mystery of the human pheromone
	Tristan Harris: How a handful of tech companies control billions of minds every day
	Deborah Gordon: What ants teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet
	William Black: How to rob a bank (from the inside, that is)
	Christopher Soghoian: Your smartphone is a civil rights issue
	Stanley McChrystal: The military case for sharing knowledge
	Jimmy Lin: A simple new blood test that can catch cancer early
	Gavin Schmidt: The emergent patterns of climate change
	David Epstein: Are athletes really getting faster, better, stronger?
	Wendy Chung: Autism — what we know (and what we don"t know yet)
	Jonathan Marks: In praise of conflict
	Hamish Jolly: A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it"s not what you think)
	Michel Laberge: How synchronized hammer strikes could generate nuclear fusion
	Matthew Carter: My life in typefaces
	Benjamin Grant: What it feels like to see Earth from space
	Norman Spack: How I help transgender teens become who they want to be
	Alexander Betts: Why Brexit happened -- and what to do next
	Marwa Al-Sabouni: How Syria"s architecture laid the foundation for brutal war
	Giorgia Lupi: How we can find ourselves in data
	Prosanta Chakrabarty: Clues to prehistoric times, found in blind cavefish
	David Autor: Will automation take away all our jobs?
	David R. Williams: How racism makes us sick
	Daniel Pauly: The ocean"s shifting baseline
	Sebastián Bortnik: The conversation we"re not having about digital child abuse
	Jennifer Golbeck: Your social media "likes" expose more than you think
	Tom Hulme: What can we learn from shortcuts?
	Paul Snelgrove: A census of the ocean
	Erin Marie Saltman: How young people join violent extremist groups -- and how to stop them
	Del Harvey: Protecting Twitter users (sometimes from themselves)
	Katie Bouman: How to take a picture of a black hole
	Keolu Fox: Why genetic research must be more diverse
	Larry Page: Where’s Google going next?
	Helen Fisher: Why we love, why we cheat
	Charmian Gooch: My wish: To launch a new era of openness in business
	Gretchen Carlson, David Brooks: Political common ground in a polarized United States
	Mallory Soldner: Your company"s data could help end world hunger
	Daniel Reisel: The neuroscience of restorative justice
	Steven Pinker and Rebecca Newberger Goldstein: The long reach of reason
	Toby Shapshak: You don"t need an app for that
	Jennifer Granick: How the US government spies on people who protest -- including you
	Alison Killing: There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help
	Jeffrey Kluger: The sibling bond
	Christopher Soghoian: Government surveillance — this is just the beginning
	Philip Evans: How data will transform business
	Avi Rubin: All your devices can be hacked
	Annette Heuser: The 3 agencies with the power to make or break economies
	Henry Lin: What we can learn from galaxies far, far away
	Steven Levitt: The freakonomics of crack dealing
	Lisa Gansky: The future of business is the "mesh"
	Moshe Szyf: How early life experience is written into DNA
	Christopher Ryan: Are we designed to be sexual omnivores?
	Molly Stevens: A new way to grow bone
	Sajay Samuel: How college loans exploit students for profit
	ShaoLan: The Chinese zodiac, explained
	Chris McKnett: The investment logic for sustainability
	Leyla Acaroglu: Paper beats plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore
	Shlomo Benartzi: Saving for tomorrow, tomorrow
	Ian Ritchie: The day I turned down Tim Berners-Lee
	Dan Berkenstock: The world is one big dataset. Now, how to photograph it ...
	Olúfẹ́mi Táíwò: Why Africa must become a center of knowledge again
	Nicolas Perony: Puppies! Now that I’ve got your attention, complexity theory
	Stephen Petranek: 10 ways the world could end
	Anne Milgram: Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime
	Iain Hutchison: Saving faces: A facial surgeon"s craft
	Kevin Rudd: Are China and the US doomed to conflict?
	Paula Johnson: His and hers … healthcare
	Shereen El Feki: A little-told tale of sex and sensuality
	Katie Hinde: What we don"t know about mother"s milk
	Danny Hillis: Understanding cancer through proteomics
	Peter Calthorpe: 7 principles for building better cities
	Frederic Kaplan: How to build an information time machine
	Sandra Aamodt: Why dieting doesn"t usually work
	Noah Feldman: Hamilton vs. Madison and the birth of American partisanship
	Bill Gates: The next outbreak? We’re not ready
	Sergey Brin + Larry Page: The genesis of Google
	Mona Chalabi: 3 ways to spot a bad statistic
	Paul Piff: Does money make you mean?
	Trevor Timm: How free is our freedom of the press?
	Bill Gates: How state budgets are breaking US schools
	Marco Annunziata: Welcome to the age of the industrial internet
	Toni Griffin: A new vision for rebuilding Detroit
	Rose George: Inside the secret shipping industry
	Sebastian Junger: Our lonely society makes it hard to come home from war
	Paul Conneally: How mobile phones power disaster relief
	Laura Indolfi: Good news in the fight against pancreatic cancer
	Kang Lee: Can you really tell if a kid is lying?
	Sangeeta Bhatia: This tiny particle could roam your body to find tumors
	Tricia Wang: The human insights missing from big data
	Uri Hasson: This is your brain on communication
	Simon Berrow: How do you save a shark you know nothing about?
	Jennifer Kahn: Gene editing can now change an entire species -- forever
	Margaret Bourdeaux: Why civilians suffer more once a war is over
	Suzana Herculano-Houzel: What is so special about the human brain?
	Jared Diamond: How societies can grow old better
	Peter Doolittle: How your "working memory" makes sense of the world
	Greg Asner: Ecology from the air
	Lian Pin Koh: A drone"s-eye view of conservation
	Lucien Engelen: Crowdsource your health
	Pamela Meyer: How to spot a liar
	Alice Rawsthorn: Pirates, nurses and other rebel designers
	Dambisa Moyo: Is China the new idol for emerging economies?
	Mikko Hypponen: How the NSA betrayed the world"s trust -- time to act
	Peter Weinstock: Lifelike simulations that make real-life surgery safer
	Robin Nagle: What I discovered in New York City  trash
	Rodrigo Canales: The deadly genius of drug cartels
	Riccardo Sabatini: How to read the genome and build a human being
	Holly Morris: Why stay in Chernobyl? Because it"s home.
	Michael Metcalfe: A provocative way to finance the fight against climate change
	Mohamed Hijri: A simple solution to the coming phosphorus crisis
	Barry Schwartz: The paradox of choice
	Tyrone Hayes + Penelope Jagessar Chaffer: The toxic baby
	Jamie Bartlett: How the mysterious dark net is going mainstream
	Charles Robertson: Africa"s next boom
	Justin Davidson: Why glass towers are bad for city life -- and what we need instead
	Alessandro Acquisti: What will a future without secrets look like?
	Jeff Speck: The walkable city
	Andrew Fitzgerald: Adventures in Twitter fiction
	Dan Ariely: How equal do we want the world to be? You"d be surprised
	Trita Parsi: Iran and Israel: Peace is possible
	Aditi Gupta: A taboo-free way to talk about periods
	Sasa Vucinic: Why we should invest in a free press
	Juan Enriquez: We can reprogram life. How to do it wisely
	Jason Pontin: Can technology solve our big problems?
	Rob Harmon: How to keep rivers and streams flowing
	Kelli Swazey: Life that doesn"t end with death
	James Flynn: Why our IQ levels are higher than our grandparents"
	Ashraf Ghani: How to rebuild a broken state
	Elizabeth Loftus: How reliable is your memory?
	Edward Burtynsky: My wish: Manufactured landscapes and green education
	Wendy Freedman: This telescope might show us the beginning of the universe
	Stephen Coleman: Non-lethal weapons, a moral hazard?
	Marla Spivak: Why bees are disappearing
	James Lyne: Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it
	Sonia Shah: 3 reasons we still haven’t gotten rid of malaria
	Chris Anderson: TED"s secret to great public speaking
	Peggy Orenstein: What young women believe about their own sexual pleasure
	Zeresenay Alemseged: The search for humanity"s roots
	Chrystia Freeland: The rise of the new global super-rich
	Kelly McGonigal: How to make stress your friend
	Neil Burgess: How your brain tells you where you are
	Russell Foster: Why do we sleep?
	Carrie Nugent: Adventures of an asteroid hunter
	Paula Hammond: A new superweapon in the fight against cancer
	Peter Donnelly: How juries are fooled by statistics
	Paul Tudor Jones II: Why we need to rethink capitalism
	Saki Mafundikwa: Ingenuity and elegance in ancient African alphabets
	Stephen Petranek: Your kids might live on Mars. Here"s how they"ll survive
	Daniel H. Cohen: For argument"s sake
	Rebecca Brachman: Could a drug prevent depression and PTSD?
	Caitlin Doughty: A burial practice that nourishes the planet
	Ralph Langner: Cracking Stuxnet, a 21st-century cyber weapon
	Kate Marvel: Can clouds buy us more time to solve climate change?
	Robin Murphy: These robots come to the rescue after a disaster
	Robert Palmer: The Panama Papers exposed a huge global problem. What"s next?
	Paul Kemp-Robertson: Bitcoin. Sweat. Tide. Meet the future of branded currency.
	Seth Berkley: The troubling reason why vaccines are made too late ... if they"re made at all
	Parag Khanna: How megacities are changing the map of the world
	Nathalie Cabrol: How Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life
	Joy Buolamwini: How I"m fighting bias in algorithms
	Noriko Arai: Can a robot pass a university entrance exam?
	Jonathan Haidt: Can a divided America heal?
	Bill Doyle: Treating cancer with electric fields
	Joel Selanikio: The big-data revolution in healthcare
	Eric X. Li: A tale of two political systems
	Rodney Brooks: Why we will rely on robots
	Allan Jones: A map of the brain
	Jedidah Isler: How I fell in love with quasars, blazars and our incredible universe
	Knut Haanaes: Two reasons companies fail -- and how to avoid them
	Lisa Nip: How humans could evolve to survive in space
	Liz Hajek: What rivers can tell us about the earth"s history
	Nina Fedoroff: A secret weapon against Zika and other mosquito-borne diseases
	Didier Sornette: How we can predict the next financial crisis
	Nizar Ibrahim: How we unearthed the Spinosaurus
	Ray Kurzweil: The accelerating power of technology
	Andrew McAfee: What will future jobs look like?
	Nick Bostrom: What happens when our computers get smarter than we are?
	Christopher Soghoian: How to avoid surveillance ... with the phone in your pocket
	Dean Ornish: The killer American diet that"s sweeping the planet
	Hendrik Poinar: Bring back the woolly mammoth!
	Kimberlé Crenshaw: The urgency of intersectionality
	Pamela Ronald: The case for engineering our food
	Rajiv Maheswaran: The math behind basketball"s wildest moves
	Judy MacDonald Johnston: Prepare for a good end of life
	Bruce Schneier: The security mirage
	Jessica Ladd: The reporting system that sexual assault survivors want
	Robert Neuwirth: The hidden world of shadow cities
	Manuel Lima: A visual history of human knowledge
	Helen Czerski: The fascinating physics of everyday life
	Augie Picado: The real reason manufacturing jobs are disappearing
	Lisa Harouni: A primer on 3D printing
	Stacy Smith: The data behind Hollywood"s sexism
	Laura Robinson: The secrets I find on the mysterious ocean floor
	Pierre Thiam: A forgotten ancient grain that could help Africa prosper
	Jonathan Rossiter: A robot that eats pollution
	ShaoLan: Learn to read Chinese ... with ease!
	Timothy Bartik: The economic case for preschool
	Travis Kalanick: Uber"s plan to get more people into fewer cars
	Juan Enriquez: Your online life, permanent as a tattoo
	Brittney Cooper: The racial politics of time
	Russ Altman: What really happens when you mix medications?
	David Pogue: 10 top time-saving tech tips
	Jennifer Healey: If cars could talk, accidents might be avoidable
	Michael Stevens: How much does a video weigh?
	Erik Brynjolfsson: The key to growth? Race with the machines
	Steven Johnson: How the "ghost map" helped end a killer disease
	John McWhorter: Txtng is killing language. JK!!!
	Kevin Kelly: How AI can bring on a second Industrial Revolution
	Bilal Bomani: Plant fuels that could power a jet
	Thomas Insel: Toward a new understanding of mental illness
	Rose George: Let"s talk crap. Seriously.
	Laura Snyder: The Philosophical Breakfast Club
	Dan Ariely: What makes us feel good about our work?
	Eli Pariser: Beware online "filter bubbles"
	Sheena Iyengar: How to make choosing easier
	Saul Griffith: Everyday inventions
	Clay Shirky: Why SOPA is a bad idea
	Colin Camerer: When you"re making a deal, what"s going on in your brain?
	Mary Bassett: Why your doctor should care about social justice
	Tal Danino: Programming bacteria to detect cancer (and maybe treat it)
	Jessica Green: We"re covered in germs. Let"s design for that.
	Francis Collins: We need better drugs -- now
	Yuval Noah Harari: Nationalism vs. globalism: the new political divide
	Danny Hillis: The Internet could crash. We need a Plan B
	Catarina Mota: Play with smart materials
	Mikko Hypponen: Three types of online attack
	David Anderson: Your brain is more than a bag of chemicals
	James Watson: How we discovered DNA
	Salil Dudani: How jails extort the poor
	Patience Mthunzi: Could we cure HIV with lasers?
	Jimmy Carter: Why I believe the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse 
	Kirk Sorensen: Thorium, an alternative nuclear fuel
	Lara Setrakian: 3 ways to fix a broken news industry
	Celeste Headlee: 10 ways to have a better conversation
	Emily Oster: Flip your thinking on AIDS in Africa
	Andreas Schleicher: Use data to build better schools
	Keith Chen: Could your language affect your ability to save money?
	Dorothy Roberts: The problem with race-based medicine
	Esther Perel: The secret to desire in a long-term relationship
	James B. Glattfelder: Who controls the world?
	Mike Velings: The case for fish farming
	Benedetta Berti: The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power
	Dambisa Moyo: Economic growth has stalled. Let"s fix it
	Anand Varma: The first 21 days of a bee’s life
	Amy Adele Hasinoff: How to practice safe sexting
	Fahad Al-Attiya: A country with no water
	Elliot Krane: The mystery of chronic pain
	Judson Brewer: A simple way to break a bad habit
	Wingham Rowan: A new kind of job market
	Steven Schwaitzberg: A universal translator for surgeons
	Miriam Zoila Pérez: How racism harms pregnant women -- and what can help
	Aala El-Khani: What it"s like to be a parent in a war zone
	Richard Weller: Could the sun be good for your heart?
	Jeff Speck: 4 ways to make a city more walkable
	Auke Ijspeert: A robot that runs and swims like a salamander
	Tania Simoncelli: Should you be able to patent a human gene?
	Boghuma Kabisen Titanji: Ethical riddles in HIV research
	Yanis Varoufakis: Capitalism will eat democracy -- unless we speak up
	Juan Enriquez: The life code that will reshape the future
	Mustafa Akyol: Faith versus tradition in Islam
	Elizabeth Lev: The unheard story of the Sistine Chapel
	Joshua Smith: New nanotech to detect cancer early
	Adam Davidson: What we learned from teetering on the fiscal cliff
	Molly Crockett: Beware neuro-bunk
	Oscar Schwartz: Can a computer write poetry?
	Jill Farrant: How we can make crops survive without water
	Tierney Thys: Swim with the giant sunfish
	Markham Nolan: How to separate fact and fiction online
	Ellen "t Hoen: Pool medical patents, save lives
	Steven Pinker: What our language habits reveal
	Nina Tandon: Could tissue engineering mean personalized medicine?
	Jeff Smith: Lessons in business ... from prison
	Roger McNamee: 6 ways to save the internet
	Bobby Ghosh: Why global jihad is losing
	Munir Virani: Why I love vultures
	Jonas Eliasson: How to solve traffic jams
	Bettina Warburg: How the blockchain will radically transform the economy
	Guy-Philippe Goldstein: How cyberattacks threaten real-world peace
	Esther Perel: Rethinking infidelity ... a talk for anyone who has ever loved
	Daphne Bavelier: Your brain on video games
	Nagin Cox: What time is it on Mars?
	Kevin B. Jones: Why curiosity is the key to science and medicine
	David Sedlak: 4 ways we can avoid a catastrophic drought
	Aomawa Shields: How we"ll find life on other planets
	Jeff Hancock: The future of lying
	Georgette Mulheir: The tragedy of orphanages
	Paul Romer: The world"s first charter city?
	Sebastian Wernicke: How to use data to make a hit TV show
	Matt Killingsworth: Want to be happier? Stay in the moment
	Harry Cliff: Have we reached the end of physics?
	Alice Dreger: Is anatomy destiny?
	Emma Teeling: The secret of the bat genome
	Craig Venter: Sampling the ocean"s DNA
	Steven Johnson: The playful wonderland behind great inventions
	David Pizarro: The strange politics of disgust
	Pankaj Ghemawat: Actually, the world isn"t flat
	Bill Ford: A future beyond traffic gridlock
	Rodrigo Bijou: Governments don"t understand cyber warfare. We need hackers
	Anne Madden: Meet the microscopic life in your home -- and on your face
	António Guterres: Refugees have the right to be protected
	Daniel Goldstein: The battle between your present and future self
	Carolyn Bertozzi: What the sugar coating on your cells is trying to tell you
	Alison Killing: What happens when a city runs out of room for its dead
	Alan Smith: Why you should love statistics
	Paul Greenberg: The four fish we"re overeating -- and what to eat instead
	Raymond Wang: How germs travel on planes -- and how we can stop them
	Vicki Arroyo: Let"s prepare for our new climate
	Aris Venetikidis: Making sense of maps
	Sara Seager: The search for planets beyond our solar system
	Ben Goldacre: What doctors don"t know about the drugs they prescribe
	Antonio Damasio: The quest to understand consciousness
	Read Montague: What we"re learning from 5,000 brains
	Andrew McAfee: Are droids taking our jobs?
	Nathan Myhrvold: Cooking as never seen before
	Bandi Mbubi: Demand a fair trade cell phone
	Andrew Blum: Discover the physical side of the internet
	Julian Treasure: Why architects need to use their ears
	Sarah-Jayne Blakemore: The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain
	Tristram Stuart: The global food waste scandal
	Veerle Provoost: Do kids think of sperm donors as family?
	Nina Tandon: Caring for engineered tissue
	Susan Solomon: The promise of research with stem cells
	Leslie T. Chang: The voices of China"s workers
	Vikram Patel: Mental health for all by involving all
	Scott Fraser: Why eyewitnesses get it wrong
	Jon Ronson: When online shaming goes too far
	Shyam Sankar: The rise of human-computer cooperation
	Robert Neuwirth: The power of the informal economy
	Jessica Shortall: The US needs paid family leave -- for the sake of its future
	Pavan Sukhdev: Put a value on nature!
	Kristen Marhaver: How we"re growing baby corals to rebuild reefs
	Mark Forsyth: What"s a snollygoster? A short lesson in political speak
	Rebecca MacKinnon: Let"s take back the Internet!
	Bill Gross: The single biggest reason why startups succeed
	Caleb Barlow: Where is cybercrime really coming from?
	Iyad Rahwan: What moral decisions should driverless cars make?
	Hannah Fry: Is life really that complex?
	Genevieve von Petzinger: Why are these 32 symbols found in ancient caves all over Europe?
	Laura Schulz: The surprisingly logical minds of babies
	Anote Tong: My country will be underwater soon -- unless we work together
	Michael Anti: Behind the Great Firewall of China
	Nonny de la Peña: The future of news? Virtual reality
	Noah Wilson-Rich: Every city needs healthy honey bees
	Mikko Hypponen: Fighting viruses, defending the net
	Dan Dennett: The illusion of consciousness
	Triona McGrath: How pollution is changing the ocean"s chemistry
	Malte Spitz: Your phone company is watching
	Josh Luber: Why sneakers are a great investment
	John Graham-Cumming: The greatest machine that never was
	Danny Dorling: Maps that show us who we are (not just where we are)
	Baba Shiv: Sometimes it"s good to give up the driver"s seat
	Trevor Aaronson: How this FBI strategy is actually creating US-based terrorists
	Todd Humphreys: How to fool a GPS
	Marc Goodman: A vision of crimes in the future
	Jonathan Eisen: Meet your microbes
	Paul Knoepfler: The ethical dilemma of designer babies
	Andreas Ekström: The moral bias behind your search results
	Robb Willer: How to have better political conversations
	Jeff Bezos: The electricity metaphor for the web"s future
	Mark Pagel: How language transformed humanity
	Jessica Green: Are we filtering the wrong microbes?
	Harald Haas: Forget Wi-Fi. Meet the new Li-Fi Internet
	Hans Rosling: The best stats you"ve ever seen
	Nirmalya Kumar: India"s invisible innovation
	Wolfgang Kessling: How to air-condition outdoor spaces
	Emily Parsons-Lord: Art made of the air we breathe
	Philip Zimbardo: The demise of guys?
	Lucianne Walkowicz: Finding planets around other stars
	Sarah Bergbreiter: Why I make robots the size of a grain of rice
	Dan Ariely: Beware conflicts of interest
	Derek Sivers: Keep your goals to yourself
	Stuart Russell: 3 principles for creating safer AI
	Johan Rockstrom: Let the environment guide our development
	Anjan Chatterjee: How your brain decides what is beautiful
	Dan Cobley: What physics taught me about marketing
	Lisa Margonelli: The political chemistry of oil
	Lee Hotz: Inside an Antarctic time machine
	Rana el Kaliouby: This app knows how you feel -- from the look on your face
	Daniel Levitin: How to stay calm when you know you"ll be stressed
	Sarah Parcak: Archaeology from space
	Duarte Geraldino: What we"re missing in the debate about immigration
	Navi Radjou: Creative problem-solving in the face of extreme limits
	Edward Tenner: Unintended consequences
	Tasso Azevedo: Hopeful lessons from the battle to save rainforests
	Ami Klin: A new way to diagnose autism
	Fredy Peccerelli: A forensic anthropologist who brings closure for the "disappeared"
	Susan Shaw: The oil spill"s toxic trade-off
	Sheena Iyengar: The art of choosing
	Kevin Stone: The bio-future of joint replacement
	Tom Gruber: How AI can enhance our memory, work and social lives
	Rob Dunbar: Discovering ancient climates in oceans and ice
	Asha de Vos: Why you should care about whale poo
	Murray Gell-Mann: Beauty, truth and ... physics?
	Hans Rosling: Global population growth, box by box
	Ellen  Gustafson: Obesity + hunger = 1 global food issue
	Terry Moore: Why is "x" the unknown?
	Jessa Gamble: Our natural sleep cycle is nothing like what we do now
	Stephen Palumbi: Hidden toxins in the fish we eat
	Ellen Dunham-Jones: Retrofitting suburbia
	Aditi Shankardass: A second opinion on developmental disorders
	Kate Stafford: How human noise affects ocean habitats
	Bruno Torturra: Got a smartphone? Start broadcasting
	Adam de la Zerda: We can start winning the war against cancer
	Jeremy Howard: The wonderful and terrifying implications of computers that can learn
	Nicholas Christakis: How social networks predict epidemics
	Peter Tyack: The intriguing sound of marine mammals
	Margaret Gould Stewart: How YouTube thinks about copyright
	Michael Shermer: The pattern behind self-deception
	Diane Kelly: What we didn"t know about penis anatomy
	Stewart Brand + Mark Z. Jacobson: Debate: Does the world need nuclear energy?
	Dave Troy: Social maps that reveal a city"s intersections — and separations
	Amory Lovins: Winning the oil endgame
	Catherine Crump: The small and surprisingly dangerous detail the police track about you
	Christien Meindertsma: How pig parts make the world turn
	Seth Berkley: HIV and flu -- the vaccine strategy
	Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy: Inside a school for suicide bombers
	Johanna Blakley: Lessons from fashion"s free culture
	Cheryl Hayashi: The magnificence of spider silk
	Dee Boersma: Pay attention to penguins
	David Birch: A new way to stop identity theft
	William Li: Can we eat to starve cancer?
	Ellen Jorgensen: What you need to know about CRISPR
	Julian Treasure: Shh! Sound health in 8 steps
	Paola Antonelli: Treat design as art
	Nicholas Christakis: The hidden influence of social networks
	Tim Birkhead: The early birdwatchers
	Barbara Natterson-Horowitz: What veterinarians know that physicians don"t
	Gary Wolf: The quantified self
	Rainer Strack: The workforce crisis of 2030 -- and how to start solving it now
	George Whitesides: Toward a science of simplicity
	Helen Fisher: Technology hasn"t changed love. Here"s why
	Cathy O"Neil: The era of blind faith in big data must end
	Zeynep Tufekci: Online social change: easy to organize, hard to win
	Omar Ahmad: Political change with pen and paper
	Sam Harris: Can we build AI without losing control over it?
	Steve Silberman: The forgotten history of autism
	Emily Balcetis: Why some people find exercise harder than others
	Catherine Mohr: The tradeoffs of building green
	Mark Plotkin: What the people of the Amazon know that you don"t
	Jonathan Drori: Every pollen grain has a story
	Oded Shoseyov: How we"re harnessing nature"s hidden superpowers
	Robin Chase: The idea behind Zipcar (and what comes next)
	Bruce Aylward: Humanity vs. Ebola. How we could win a terrifying war
	Kirk Citron: And now, the real news
	Barbara Block: Tagging tuna in the deep ocean
	Hans Rosling: The good news of the decade? We"re winning the war against child mortality
	Ben Ambridge: 10 myths about psychology, debunked
	Tom Wujec: Got a wicked problem? First, tell me how you make toast
	Juliana Machado Ferreira: The fight to end rare-animal trafficking in Brazil
	Peter Haas: Haiti"s disaster of engineering
	Michael Green: What the Social Progress Index can reveal about your country
	Ramanan Laxminarayan: The coming crisis in antibiotics
	Dalia Mogahed: The attitudes that sparked Arab Spring
	Rebecca MacKinnon: We can fight terror without sacrificing our rights
	Sebastian Kraves: The era of personal DNA testing is here
	Robert Sapolsky: The biology of our best and worst selves
	Ameenah Gurib-Fakim: Humble plants that hide surprising secrets
	David Burkus: Why you should know how much your coworkers get paid
	Michael Patrick Lynch: How to see past your own perspective and find truth
	David MacKay: A reality check on renewables
	Jeremy Heimans: What new power looks like
	Jaap de Roode: How butterflies self-medicate
	Eric Topol: The wireless future of medicine
	Shereen El-Feki: HIV -- how to fight an epidemic of bad laws
	Jennifer Doudna: How CRISPR lets us edit our DNA
	Bill Gates: Innovating to zero!
	Sergei Lupashin: A flying camera ... on a leash
	Heribert Watzke: The brain in your gut
	Hans Rosling: Religions and babies
	Dianna Cohen: Tough truths about plastic pollution
	David Agus: A new strategy in the war on cancer
	Richard Wilkinson: How economic inequality harms societies
	Sendhil Mullainathan: Solving social problems with a nudge
	Joy Sun: Should you donate differently?
	Joseph Redmon: How computers learn to recognize objects instantly
	Bill Davenhall: Your health depends on where you live
	Susan Etlinger: What do we do with all this big data?
	Richard Dawkins: Growing up in the universe
	Melissa Garren: The sea we"ve hardly seen
	Rachel Botsman: We"ve stopped trusting institutions and started trusting strangers
	LaToya Ruby Frazier: A visual history of inequality in industrial America
	Edwidge Danticat: Stories of Haiti
	Lalitesh Katragadda: Making maps to fight disaster, build economies
	Françoise Mouly: The stories behind The New Yorker"s iconic covers
	Michael Shellenberger: How fear of nuclear power is hurting the environment
	Laura Galante: How (and why) Russia hacked the US election
	Carl Schoonover: How to look inside the brain
	Myriam Sidibe: The simple power of hand-washing
	Joseph Nye: Global power shifts
	Romulus Whitaker: The real danger lurking in the water
	Dan Buettner: How to live to be 100+
	Shimon Steinberg: Natural pest control ... using bugs!
	Yasheng Huang: Does democracy stifle economic growth?
	Jeff Iliff: One more reason to get a good night"s sleep
	Glenn Greenwald: Why privacy matters
	Jean-Baptiste Michel: The mathematics of history
	Neha Narula: The future of money
	Steven  Cowley: Fusion is energy"s future
	Tom Chatfield: 7 ways games reward the brain
	James Geary: Metaphorically speaking
	Tali Sharot: The optimism bias
	Loretta Napoleoni: The intricate economics of terrorism
	Shereen El Feki: Pop culture in the Arab world
	David Camarillo: Why helmets don"t prevent concussions -- and what might
	Thomas Piketty: New thoughts on capital in the twenty-first century
	Scott Kim: The art of puzzles
	Andrea Ghez: The hunt for a supermassive black hole
	Nancy Kanwisher: A neural portrait of the human mind
	Susan Colantuono: The career advice you probably didn’t get
	Francis de los Reyes: Sanitation is a basic human right
	José Bowen: Beethoven the businessman
	Tom Wujec: Learn to use the 13th-century astrolabe
	Moshe Safdie: How to reinvent the apartment building
	Lisa Genova: What you can do to prevent Alzheimer"s
	Gabe Zichermann: How games make kids smarter
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	339965
	*************Informative*************
	
	
	*************Ingenious*************
	Doris Kim Sung: Metal that breathes
	Onyx Ashanti: This is beatjazz
	Shih Chieh Huang: Sculptures that’d be at home in the deep sea
	Eben Bayer: Are mushrooms the new plastic?
	Ryan Merkley: Online video -- annotated, remixed and popped
	Gary Flake: Is Pivot a turning point for web exploration?
	Dennis Hong: My seven species of robot -- and how we created them
	Andreas Raptopoulos: No roads? There"s a drone for that
	Anna Mracek Dietrich: A plane you can drive
	Katrina Spade: When I die, recompose me
	Taylor Wilson: My radical plan for small nuclear fission reactors
	Jae Rhim Lee: My mushroom burial suit
	Roger Stein: A bold new way to fund drug research
	Eric Giler: A demo of wireless electricity
	Adam Sadowsky: How to engineer a viral music video
	Saul Griffith: High-altitude wind energy from kites!
	Sheila Nirenberg: A prosthetic eye to treat blindness
	Jay Silver: Hack a banana, make a keyboard!
	Mark Kendall: Demo: A needle-free vaccine patch that"s safer and way cheaper
	Adam Grosser: A mobile fridge for vaccines
	Nick Sears: Demo: The Orb
	Joe Landolina: This gel can make you stop bleeding instantly
	Donald Sadoway: The missing link to renewable energy
	Mick Mountz: What happens inside those massive warehouses?
	Ted Halstead: A climate solution where all sides can win
	Kary Mullis: A next-gen cure for killer infections
	Mathieu Lehanneur: Science-inspired design
	Anand Agarawala: Rethink the desktop with BumpTop
	Natalie Jeremijenko: The art of the eco-mindshift
	Fabian Hemmert: The shape-shifting future of the mobile phone
	Robert Muggah: How to protect fast-growing cities from failing
	Mike Biddle: We can recycle plastic
	Jack Choi: On the virtual dissection table
	Woody Norris: Hypersonic sound and other inventions
	Michael Pritchard: How to make filthy water drinkable
	Aparna Rao: High-tech art (with a sense of humor)
	Michelle Borkin: Can astronomers help doctors?
	Andrew Pelling: This scientist makes ears out of apples
	Manu Prakash: A 50-cent microscope that folds like origami
	Jane Chen: A warm embrace that saves lives
	Luis von Ahn: Massive-scale online collaboration
	Magnus Larsson: Turning dunes into architecture
	Kent Larson: Brilliant designs to fit more people in every city
	Jonathan Trent: Energy from floating algae pods
	Joe DeRisi: Solving medical mysteries
	Erik Schlangen: A "self-healing" asphalt
	Joshua Prince-Ramus: Building a theater that remakes itself
	Chance Coughenour: How your pictures can help reclaim lost history
	Amit Sood: Building a museum of museums on the web
	Homaro Cantu + Ben Roche: Cooking as alchemy
	Marc Koska: 1.3m reasons to re-invent the syringe
	Dean Kamen: To invent is to give
	Nathan Myhrvold: Could this laser zap malaria?
	Joshua Prince-Ramus: Behind the design of Seattle"s library
	AnnMarie Thomas: Hands-on science with squishy circuits
	Kenneth Shinozuka: My simple invention, designed to keep my grandfather safe
	Sonaar Luthra: Meet the Water Canary
	Joshua Silver: Adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses
	Handspring Puppet Co.: The genius puppetry behind War Horse
	James Patten: The best computer interface? Maybe ... your hands
	Hadyn Parry: Re-engineering mosquitos to fight disease
	Max Little: A test for Parkinson"s with a phone call
	Kate Orff: Reviving New York"s rivers -- with oysters!
	Topher White: What can save the rainforest? Your used cell phone
	Cosmin Mihaiu: Physical therapy is boring -- play a game instead
	David Bismark: E-voting without fraud
	Erica Frenkel: The universal anesthesia machine
	Paul MacCready: A flight on solar wings
	Bill Gross: A solar energy system that tracks the sun
	Fiorenzo Omenetto: Silk, the ancient material of the future
	Damian Palin: Mining minerals from seawater
	David Merrill: Toy tiles that talk to each other
	Tal Golesworthy: How I repaired my own heart
	Michael Rubinstein: See invisible motion, hear silent sounds
	Daniel Kraft: A better way to harvest bone marrow
	Bart Weetjens: How I taught rats to sniff out land mines
	Mitchell Joachim: Don"t build your home, grow it!
	Suzanne Lee: Grow your own clothes
	Michael McDaniel: Cheap, effective shelter for disaster relief
	Carlo Ratti: Architecture that senses and responds
	Gary Lauder"s new traffic sign: Take Turns
	Vinay Venkatraman: Technology crafts for the digitally underserved
	Johnny Lee: Free or cheap Wii Remote hacks
	Quyen Nguyen: Color-coded surgery
	Sanjay Dastoor: A skateboard, with a boost
	Amos Winter: The cheap all-terrain wheelchair
	Caleb Chung: Playtime with Pleo, your robotic dinosaur friend
	Péter Fankhauser: Meet Rezero, the dancing ballbot
	Frederick Balagadde: Bio-lab on a microchip
	Mike Matas: A next-generation digital book
	Nathalie Miebach: Art made of storms
	Kate Stone: DJ decks made of ... paper
	Ayah Bdeir: Building blocks that blink, beep and teach
	Klaus Stadlmann: The world"s smallest 3D printer
	Bart Knols: 3 new ways to kill mosquitoes
	Robert Fischell: My wish: Three unusual medical inventions
	Nikolai Begg: A tool to fix one of the most dangerous moments in surgery
	John La Grou: A plug for smart power outlets
	Harald Haas: Wireless data from every light bulb
	Cesar Harada: A novel idea for cleaning up oil spills
	Angela Belcher: Using nature to grow batteries
	George Whitesides: A lab the size of a postage stamp
	Rachel Armstrong: Architecture that repairs itself?
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	46813
	*************Ingenious*************
	
	
	*************Inspiring*************
	Karoliina Korppoo: How a video game might help us build better cities
	Theo E.J. Wilson: A black man goes undercover in the alt-right
	Emily Esfahani Smith: There"s more to life than being happy
	Caitlin Quattromani and Lauran Arledge: How our friendship survives our opposing politics
	Tomás Saraceno: Would you live in a floating city in the sky?
	Ray Dalio: How to build a company where the best ideas win
	Daan Roosegaarde: A smog vacuum cleaner and other magical city designs
	Chetan Bhatt: Dare to refuse the origin myths that claim who you are
	Tara Winkler: Why we need to end the era of orphanages
	Wanuri Kahiu: Fun, fierce and fantastical African art
	Niki Okuk: When workers own companies, the economy is more resilient
	David Whyte: A lyrical bridge between past, present and future
	Richard J. Berry: A practical way to help the homeless find work and safety
	Jack Conte: How artists can (finally) get paid in the digital age
	Ronald Sullivan: How I help free innocent people from prison
	Manoush Zomorodi: How boredom can lead to your most brilliant ideas
	Damon Davis: Courage is contagious
	David Baron: You owe it to yourself to experience a total solar eclipse
	Ashton Applewhite: Let"s end ageism
	Titus Kaphar: Can art amend history?
	Kristen Marhaver: Why I still have hope for coral reefs
	Grace Kim: How cohousing can make us happier (and live longer)
	Susan Robinson: How I fail at being disabled
	Adam Alter: Why our screens make us less happy
	Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks: How we can face the future without fear, together
	Manu Prakash: Lifesaving scientific tools made of paper
	Luma Mufleh: Don"t feel sorry for refugees -- believe in them
	Cheyenne Cochrane: A celebration of natural hair
	Sinéad Burke: Why design should include everyone
	David Miliband: The refugee crisis is a test of our character
	Anab Jain: Why we need to imagine different futures
	Jim Yong Kim: Doesn"t everyone deserve a chance at a good life?
	Sharon Terry: Science didn"t understand my kids" rare disease until I decided to study it
	Richard Browning: How I built a jet suit
	Tim Ferriss: Why you should define your fears instead of your goals
	Anne Lamott: 12 truths I learned from life and writing
	Carina Morillo: To understand autism, don"t look away
	Michael Bierut: How to design a library that makes kids want to read
	Raj Panjabi: No one should die because they live too far from a doctor
	Marlon Peterson: Am I not human? A call for criminal justice reform
	Garry Kasparov: Don"t fear intelligent machines. Work with them
	OK Go: How to find a wonderful idea
	Anthony D. Romero: This is what democracy looks like
	Rutger Bregman: Poverty isn"t a lack of character; it"s a lack of cash
	T. Morgan Dixon and Vanessa Garrison: When Black women walk, things change
	Lucy Kalanithi: What makes life worth living in the face of death
	Shah Rukh Khan: Thoughts on humanity, fame and love
	Karim Abouelnaga: A summer school kids actually want to attend
	Sangu Delle: There"s no shame in taking care of your mental health
	Deborah Lipstadt: Behind the lies of Holocaust denial
	Serena Williams and Gayle King: On tennis, love and motherhood
	His Holiness Pope Francis: Why the only future worth building includes everyone
	Siddhartha Roy: Science in service to the public good
	Curtis "Wall Street" Carroll: How I learned to read -- and trade stocks -- in prison
	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie: We should all be feminists
	Zubaida Bai: A simple birth kit for mothers in the developing world
	Ari Wallach: 3 ways to plan for the (very) long term
	Casey Brown: Know your worth, and then ask for it
	Ashton Cofer: A young inventor"s plan to recycle Styrofoam
	Simon Anholt: Who would the rest of the world vote for in your country"s election?
	Michele L. Sullivan: Asking for help is a strength, not a weakness
	John Koenig: Beautiful new words to describe obscure emotions
	Jude Kelly: Why women should tell the stories of humanity
	Caroline Paul: To raise brave girls, encourage adventure
	Kathy Hull: Stories from a home for terminally ill children
	Lux Narayan: What I learned from 2,000 obituaries
	Jeff Kirschner: This app makes it fun to pick up litter
	Charity Wayua: A few ways to fix a government
	Grady Booch: Don"t fear superintelligent AI
	Eduardo Briceño: How to get better at the things you care about
	Sarah Parcak: Help discover ancient ruins -- before it"s too late
	Deepika Kurup: A young scientist"s quest for clean water
	Jeanne Gang: Buildings that blend nature and city
	Sisonke Msimang: If a story moves you, act on it
	Alejandro Sánchez Alvarado: To solve old problems, study new species
	Dan Bricklin: Meet the inventor of the electronic spreadsheet
	Erika Gregory: The world doesn"t need more nuclear weapons
	Adam Grant: Are you a giver or a taker?
	Sharon Brous: It"s time to reclaim religion
	Chinaka Hodge: What will you tell your daughters about 2016?
	Laura Vanderkam: How to gain control of your free time
	Dena Simmons: How students of color confront impostor syndrome
	Elizabeth Lesser: Say your truths and seek them in others
	Jia Jiang: What I learned from 100 days of rejection
	Kate Adams: 4 larger-than-life lessons from soap operas
	Ryan Gravel: How an old loop of railroads is changing the face of a city
	Alicia Garza, Patrisse Cullors and Opal Tometi: An interview with the founders of Black Lives Matter
	Adam Galinsky: How to speak up for yourself
	Sandi Toksvig: A political party for women"s equality
	Victor Rios: Help for kids the education system ignores
	Hector Garcia: We train soldiers for war. Let"s train them to come home, too
	Fawn Qiu: Easy DIY projects for kid engineers
	Halla Tómasdóttir: It"s time for women to run for office
	Tim Leberecht: 4 ways to build a human company in the age of machines
	Kandice Sumner: How America"s public schools keep kids in poverty
	Wanis Kabbaj: What a driverless world could look like
	Jim Hemerling: 5 ways to lead in an era of constant change
	Melissa Walker: Art can heal PTSD"s invisible wounds
	Pico Iyer: The beauty of what we"ll never know
	John McWhorter: 4 reasons to learn a new language
	Isaac Lidsky: What reality are you creating for yourself?
	J.D. Vance: America"s forgotten working class
	Nadia Lopez: Why open a school? To close a prison
	Eric Liu: There"s no such thing as not voting
	Abigail Marsh: Why some people are more altruistic than others
	Michael Murphy: Architecture that"s built to heal
	Julie Lythcott-Haims: How to raise successful kids -- without over-parenting
	Franz Freudenthal: A new way to heal hearts without surgery
	Courtney E. Martin: The new American Dream
	Sal Khan: Let"s teach for mastery -- not test scores
	Jonathan Tepperman: The risky politics of progress
	Kio Stark: Why you should talk to strangers
	Christopher Bell: Bring on the female superheroes!
	Julia Bacha: How women wage conflict without violence
	Gonzalo Vilariño: How Argentina"s blind soccer team became champions
	Anand Giridharadas: A letter to all who have lost in this era
	Monica Araya: A small country with big ideas to get rid of fossil fuels
	Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala: How Africa can keep rising
	Shubhendu Sharma: How to grow a forest in your backyard
	Emma Marris: Nature is everywhere -- we just need to learn to see it
	Eric Haseltine: What will be the next big scientific breakthrough?
	Leila Hoteit: 3 lessons on success from an Arab businesswoman
	Elise Roy: When we design for disability, we all benefit
	Safwat Saleem: Why I keep speaking up, even when people mock my accent
	John Legend: "Redemption Song"
	Julia Galef: Why you think you"re right -- even if you"re wrong
	Wanda Diaz Merced: How a blind astronomer found a way to hear the stars
	Seema Bansal: How to fix a broken education system ... without any more money
	Gill Hicks: I survived a terrorist attack. Here"s what I learned
	Tristan Harris: How better tech could protect us from distraction
	Chris Milk: The birth of virtual reality as an art form
	Jamila Raqib: The secret to effective nonviolent resistance
	Andrew Youn: 3 reasons why we can win the fight against poverty
	Norman Lear: An entertainment icon on living a life of meaning
	Sue Desmond-Hellmann: A smarter, more precise way to think about public health
	Joseph Ravenell: How barbershops can keep men healthy
	Lidia Yuknavitch: The beauty of being a misfit
	Sanford Biggers: An artist"s unflinching look at racial violence
	Michael Bodekaer: This virtual lab will revolutionize science class
	Dan Pallotta: The dream we haven"t dared to dream
	Sarah Gray: How my son"s short life made a lasting difference
	Shivani Siroya: A smart loan for people with no credit history (yet)
	Kenneth Lacovara: Hunting for dinosaurs showed me our place in the universe
	Joshua Prager: Wisdom from great writers on every year of life
	Christiana Figueres: The inside story of the Paris climate agreement
	Astro Teller: The unexpected benefit of celebrating failure
	Hugh Evans: What does it mean to be a citizen of the world?
	Linus Torvalds: The mind behind Linux
	Haley Van Dyck: How a start-up in the White House is changing business as usual
	Adam Grant: The surprising habits of original thinkers
	Dan Gross: Why gun violence can"t be our new normal
	Siyanda Mohutsiwa: How young Africans found a voice on Twitter
	Carol Fishman Cohen: How to get back to work after a career break
	Adam Foss: A prosecutor"s vision for a better justice system
	Arthur Brooks: A conservative"s plea: Let"s work together
	Joe Gebbia: How Airbnb designs for trust
	Casey Gerald: The gospel of doubt
	Tshering Tobgay: This country isn"t just carbon neutral -- it"s carbon negative
	Mileha Soneji: Simple hacks for life with Parkinson"s
	Caleb Harper: This computer will grow your food in the future
	Reshma Saujani: Teach girls bravery, not perfection
	Alexander Betts: Our refugee system is failing. Here"s how we can fix it
	Audrey Choi: How to make a profit while making a difference
	Dalia Mogahed: What it"s like to be Muslim in America
	Al Gore: The case for optimism on climate change
	Shonda Rhimes: My year of saying yes to everything
	Matthew Williams: Special Olympics let me be myself -- a champion
	Pardis Sabeti: How we"ll fight the next deadly virus
	Andrés Ruzo: The boiling river of the Amazon
	Linda Liukas: A delightful way to teach kids about computers
	Melati and Isabel Wijsen: Our campaign to ban plastic bags in Bali
	Achenyo Idachaba: How I turned a deadly plant into a thriving business
	Wael Ghonim: Let"s design social media that drives real change
	Melvin Russell: I love being a police officer, but we need reform
	Tim Harford: How frustration can make us more creative
	Robert Waldinger: What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness
	Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin: A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship
	Lucianne Walkowicz: Let"s not use Mars as a backup planet
	Jedidah Isler: The untapped genius that could change science for the better
	Chieko Asakawa: How new technology helps blind people explore the world
	Marina Abramović: An art made of trust, vulnerability and connection
	Regina Hartley: Why the best hire might not have the perfect resume
	Ann Morgan: My year reading a book from every country in the world
	Chelsea Shields: How I"m working for change inside my church
	Jenni Chang and Lisa Dazols: This is what LGBT life is like around the world
	Melissa Fleming: A boat carrying 500 refugees sunk at sea. The story of two survivors
	Nancy Lublin: How data from a crisis text line is saving lives
	Mathias Jud: Art that lets you talk back to NSA spies
	Cesar Harada: How I teach kids to love science
	Hilary Cottam: Social services are broken. How we can fix them
	Tea Uglow: An Internet without screens might look like this
	Emilie Wapnick: Why some of us don"t have one true calling
	Martin Pistorius: How my mind came back to life — and no one knew
	Taiye Selasi: Don"t ask where I"m from, ask where I"m a local
	Mary Robinson: Why climate change is a threat to human rights
	Sakena Yacoobi: How I stopped the Taliban from shutting down my school
	Scott Dinsmore: How to find work you love
	Michael Kimmel: Why gender equality is good for everyone — men included
	Mia Birdsong: The story we tell about poverty isn"t true
	Billie Jean King: This tennis icon paved the way for women in sports
	BJ Miller: What really matters at the end of life
	Barry Schwartz: The way we think about work is broken
	Jim Simons: The mathematician who cracked Wall Street
	Elizabeth Nyamayaro: An invitation to men who want a better world for women
	Yves Morieux: How too many rules at work keep you from getting things done
	Alix Generous: How I learned to communicate my inner life with Asperger"s
	John Green: The nerd"s guide to learning everything online
	Alaa Murabit: What my religion really says about women
	Salvatore Iaconesi: What happened when I open-sourced my brain cancer
	Aspen Baker: A better way to talk about abortion
	Ash Beckham: When to take a stand -- and when to let it go
	Johann Hari: Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong
	Memory Banda: A warrior’s cry against child marriage
	Gayle Tzemach Lemmon: Meet the women fighting on the front lines of an American war
	Latif Nasser: The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief
	Dame Ellen MacArthur: The surprising thing I learned sailing solo around the world
	Roxane Gay: Confessions of a bad feminist
	Margaret Heffernan: Forget the pecking order at work
	Linda Cliatt-Wayman: How to fix a broken school? Lead fearlessly, love hard
	Tony Fadell: The first secret of design is ... noticing
	Yassmin Abdel-Magied: What does my headscarf mean to you?
	Jeffrey Brown: How we cut youth violence in Boston by 79 percent
	Chris Burkard: The joy of surfing in ice-cold water
	Steven Wise: Chimps have feelings and thoughts. They should also have rights
	Alice Goffman: How we"re priming some kids for college — and others for prison
	Clint Smith: How to raise a black son in America
	Chris Milk: How virtual reality can create the ultimate empathy machine
	Gary Haugen: The hidden reason for poverty the world needs to address now
	Takaharu Tezuka: The best kindergarten you’ve ever seen
	Kailash Satyarthi: How to make peace? Get angry
	Bel Pesce: 5 ways to kill your dreams
	Daniel Kish: How I use sonar to navigate the world
	Dame Stephanie Shirley: Why do ambitious women have flat heads?
	Theaster Gates: How to revive a neighborhood: with imagination, beauty and art
	Dave Isay: Everyone around you has a story the world needs to hear
	Anand Giridharadas: A tale of two Americas. And the mini-mart where they collided
	Fei-Fei Li: How we"re teaching computers to understand pictures
	Linda Hill: How to manage for collective creativity
	Ismael Nazario: What I learned as a kid in jail
	Marc Kushner: Why the buildings of the future will be shaped by ... you
	Ilona Szabó de Carvalho: 4 lessons I learned from taking a stand against drugs and gun violence
	Khalida Brohi: How I work to protect women from honor killings
	James A. White Sr.: The little problem I had renting a house
	Laura Boushnak: For these women, reading is a daring act
	Guy Winch: Why we all need to practice emotional first aid
	Ricardo Semler: How to run a company with (almost) no rules
	Bassam Tariq: The beauty and diversity of Muslim life
	Severine Autesserre: To solve mass violence, look to locals
	Joe Madiath: Better toilets, better life
	Matthieu Ricard: How to let altruism be your guide
	Robert Swan: Let"s save the last pristine continent
	Aziz Abu Sarah: For more tolerance, we need more ... tourism?
	Daniele Quercia: Happy maps
	Mundano: Trash cart superheroes
	Carol Dweck: The power of believing that you can improve
	Vernā Myers: How to overcome our biases? Walk boldly toward them
	Jose Miguel Sokoloff: How Christmas lights helped guerrillas put down their guns
	Ben Saunders: To the South Pole and back — the hardest 105 days of my life
	Pico Iyer: The art of stillness
	Rosie King: How autism freed me to be myself
	Nancy Frates: Meet the mom who started the Ice Bucket Challenge
	Will Marshall: Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time
	Haas&Hahn: How painting can transform communities
	Alejandro Aravena: My architectural philosophy? Bring the community into the process
	Kare Anderson: Be an opportunity maker
	Alessandra Orofino: It’s our city. Let’s fix it
	Debra Jarvis: Yes, I survived cancer. But that doesn"t define me
	Fred Swaniker: The leaders who ruined Africa, and the generation who can fix it
	Kitra Cahana: My father, locked in his body but soaring free
	Melissa Fleming: Let"s help refugees thrive, not just survive
	Jorge Soto: The future of early cancer detection?
	Dilip Ratha: The hidden force in global economics: sending money home
	Pia Mancini: How to upgrade democracy for the Internet era
	Meaghan Ramsey: Why thinking you"re ugly is bad for you
	Gail Reed: Where to train the world"s doctors? Cuba.
	Matthew O"Reilly: “Am I dying?” The honest answer.
	Avi Reichental: What"s next in 3D printing
	Dan Barasch: A park underneath the hustle and bustle of New York City
	Zak Ebrahim: I am the son of a terrorist. Here"s how I chose peace.
	Shubhendu Sharma: An engineer"s vision for tiny forests, everywhere
	Isabel Allende: How to live passionately—no matter your age
	Rose Goslinga: Crop insurance, an idea worth seeding
	Jarrett J. Krosoczka: Why lunch ladies are heroes
	Aziza Chaouni: How I brought a river, and my city, back to life
	Clint Smith: The danger of silence
	Eric Liu: Why ordinary people need to understand power
	Dan Pacholke: How prisons can help inmates live meaningful lives
	Megan Washington: Why I live in mortal dread of public speaking
	Shai Reshef: An ultra-low-cost college degree
	Nicholas Negroponte: A 30-year history of the future
	Joi Ito: Want to innovate? Become a "now-ist"
	George Takei: Why I love a country that once betrayed me
	Simon Anholt: Which country does the most good for the world?
	Ge Wang: The DIY orchestra of the future
	Shaka Senghor: Why your worst deeds don’t define you
	Jamila Lyiscott: 3 ways to speak English
	Ruth Chang: How to make hard choices
	Uri Alon: Why science demands a leap into the unknown
	Yoruba Richen: What the gay rights movement learned from the civil rights movement
	Sting: How I started writing songs again
	Wes Moore: How to talk to veterans about the war
	Andrew Solomon: How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are
	Simon Sinek: Why good leaders make you feel safe
	Kevin Briggs: The bridge between suicide and life
	Mellody Hobson: Color blind or color brave?
	Andrew Bastawrous: Get your next eye exam on a smartphone
	Elizabeth Gilbert: Success, failure and the drive to keep creating
	Sarah Lewis: Embrace the near win
	Jennifer Senior: For parents, happiness is a very high bar
	David Brooks: Should you live for your résumé ... or your eulogy?
	Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly: Be passionate. Be courageous. Be your best.
	David Sengeh: The sore problem of prosthetic limbs
	Christopher Emdin: Teach teachers how to create magic
	Amanda Burden: How public spaces make cities work
	Lawrence Lessig: The unstoppable walk to political reform
	Bill and Melinda Gates: Why giving away our wealth has been the most satisfying thing we"ve done
	Hugh Herr: The new bionics that let us run, climb and dance
	Bran Ferren: To create for the ages, let"s combine art and engineering
	Ziauddin Yousafzai: My daughter, Malala
	Chris Hadfield: What I learned from going blind in space
	Anne-Marie Slaughter: Can we all "have it all"?
	Ajit Narayanan: A word game to communicate in any language
	Catherine Bracy: Why good hackers make good citizens
	Siddharthan Chandran: Can the damaged brain repair itself?
	Ash Beckham: We"re all hiding something. Let"s find the courage to open up
	Roselinde Torres: What it takes to be a great leader
	Yann Dall"Aglio: Love -- you"re doing it wrong
	Rupal Patel: Synthetic voices, as unique as fingerprints
	Teddy Cruz: How architectural innovations migrate across borders
	Maya Penn: Meet a young entrepreneur, cartoonist, designer, activist ...
	McKenna Pope: Want to be an activist? Start with your toys
	Anant Agarwal: Why massive open online courses (still) matter
	Yves Morieux: As work gets more complex, 6 rules to simplify
	Sheryl Sandberg: So we leaned in ... now what?
	Harish Manwani: Profit’s not always the point
	Suzanne Talhouk: Don"t kill your language
	Maysoon Zayid: I got 99 problems ... palsy is just one
	Mick Cornett: How an obese town lost a million pounds
	Diana Nyad: Never, ever give up
	Krista Donaldson: The $80 prosthetic knee that"s changing lives
	Andrew Solomon: Depression, the secret we share
	Stephen Cave: The 4 stories we tell ourselves about death
	Diébédo Francis Kéré: How to build with clay ... and community
	Boyd Varty: What I learned from Nelson Mandela
	Enrique Peñalosa: Why buses represent democracy in action
	David Lang: My underwater robot
	Sally Kohn: Let’s try emotional correctness
	Toby Eccles: Invest in social change
	David Steindl-Rast: Want to be happy? Be grateful
	Henry Evans and Chad Jenkins: Meet the robots for humanity
	Mohamed Ali: The link between unemployment and terrorism
	Chris Downey: Design with the blind in mind
	Grégoire Courtine: The paralyzed rat that walked
	Dong Woo Jang: The art of bow-making
	Abha Dawesar: Life in the "digital now"
	Xavier Vilalta: Architecture at home in its community
	Steve Howard: Let"s go all-in on selling sustainability
	Amanda Bennett: We need a heroic narrative for death
	Gary Slutkin: Let"s treat violence like a contagious disease
	Janette Sadik-Khan: New York"s streets? Not so mean any more
	Michael Porter: The case for letting business solve social problems
	Stuart Firestein: The pursuit of ignorance
	Ron McCallum: How technology allowed me to read
	George Monbiot: For more wonder, rewild the world
	May El-Khalil: Making peace is a marathon
	Shigeru Ban: Emergency shelters made from paper
	Margaret Heffernan: The dangers of willful blindness
	Jinsop Lee: Design for all 5 senses
	Peter van Manen: Better baby care -- thanks to Formula 1
	Eli Beer: The fastest ambulance? A motorcycle
	Tania Luna: How a penny made me feel like a millionaire
	Roberto D"Angelo + Francesca Fedeli: In our baby"s illness, a life lesson
	Two young scientists break down plastics with bacteria
	Pico Iyer: Where is home?
	Jack Andraka: A promising test for pancreatic cancer ... from a teenager
	Michael Green: Why we should build wooden skyscrapers
	Lesley Hazleton: The doubt essential to faith
	Paul Pholeros: How to reduce poverty? Fix homes
	Joseph Kim: The family I lost in North Korea. And the family I gained.
	Juliana Rotich: Meet BRCK, Internet access built for Africa
	George Papandreou: Imagine a European democracy without borders
	Martin Villeneuve: How I made an impossible film
	Andrew Solomon: Love, no matter what
	Lisa Bu: How books can open your mind
	Jackson Katz: Violence against women -- it"s a men"s issue
	Alastair Parvin: Architecture for the people by the people
	Phil Hansen: Embrace the shake
	Peter Singer: The why and how of effective altruism
	Meg Jay: Why 30 is not the new 20
	Ken Robinson: How to escape education"s death valley
	Angela Lee Duckworth: Grit: The power of passion and perseverance
	Geoffrey Canada: Our failing schools. Enough is enough!
	Malcolm London: "High School Training Ground"
	Pearl Arredondo: My story, from gangland daughter to star teacher
	Ramsey Musallam: 3 rules to spark learning
	Bill Gates: Teachers need real feedback
	Rita Pierson: Every kid needs a champion
	Sebastião Salgado: The silent drama of photography
	Nilofer Merchant: Got a meeting? Take a walk
	Joshua Prager: In search of the man who broke my neck
	Eric Dishman: Health care should be a team sport
	Freeman Hrabowski: 4 pillars of college success in science
	Richard Turere: My invention that made peace with lions
	Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ...
	Bono: The good news on poverty (Yes, there"s good news)
	Shane Koyczan: To This Day ... for the bullied and beautiful
	Kakenya Ntaiya: A girl who demanded school
	Ron Finley: A guerilla gardener in South Central LA
	Amanda Palmer: The art of asking
	Sugata Mitra: Build a School in the Cloud
	Bruce Feiler: Agile programming -- for your family
	Young-ha Kim: Be an artist, right now!
	Shabana Basij-Rasikh: Dare to educate Afghan girls
	Edi Rama: Take back your city with paint
	Cesar Kuriyama: One second every day
	Tyler DeWitt: Hey science teachers -- make it fun
	Kid President: I think we all need a pep talk
	iO Tillett Wright: Fifty shades of gay
	Mitch Resnick: Let"s teach kids to code
	Colin Powell: Kids need structure
	Colin Stokes: How movies teach manhood
	Ellen Jorgensen: Biohacking -- you can do it, too
	Angela Patton: A father-daughter dance ... in prison
	Andy Puddicombe: All it takes is 10 mindful minutes
	Jarrett J. Krosoczka: How a boy became an artist
	Sue Austin: Deep sea diving ... in a wheelchair
	Karen Thompson Walker: What fear can teach us
	Ronny Edry: Israel and Iran: A love story?
	Robin Chase: Excuse me, may I rent your car?
	Ben Saunders: Why bother leaving the house?
	Ludwick Marishane: A bath without water
	Janine Shepherd: A broken body isn"t a broken person
	Ernesto Sirolli: Want to help someone? Shut up and listen!
	Candy Chang: Before I die I want to ...
	David Binder: The arts festival revolution
	Hannah Brencher: Love letters to strangers
	Arunachalam Muruganantham: How I started a sanitary napkin revolution!
	Julie Burstein: 4 lessons in creativity
	Jake Wood: A new mission for veterans -- disaster relief
	Faith Jegede Cole: What I"ve learned from my autistic brothers
	Adam Garone: Healthier men, one moustache at a time
	Sanjay Pradhan: How open data is changing international aid
	Beau Lotto + Amy O"Toole: Science is for everyone, kids included
	Eddie Obeng: Smart failure for a fast-changing world
	John Maeda: How art, technology and design inform creative leaders
	Tim Leberecht: 3 ways to (usefully) lose control of your brand
	Thomas P. Campbell: Weaving narratives in museum galleries
	Shimon Schocken: The self-organizing computer course
	Robert Gupta: Between music and medicine
	Amy Cuddy: Your body language may shape who you are
	Clay Shirky: How the Internet will (one day) transform government
	Rachel Botsman: The currency of the new economy is trust
	Beth Noveck: Demand a more open-source government
	Antony Gormley: Sculpted space, within and without
	Timothy Prestero: Design for people, not awards
	Caitria + Morgan O"Neill: How to step up in the face of disaster
	Pam Warhurst: How we can eat our landscapes
	Margaret Heffernan: Dare to disagree
	Scilla Elworthy: Fighting with nonviolence
	Becci Manson: (Re)touching lives through photos
	Daphne Koller: What we"re learning from online education
	Stephen Ritz: A teacher growing green in the South Bronx
	Giles Duley: When a reporter becomes the story
	James Stavridis: A Navy Admiral"s thoughts on global security
	Jamie Drummond: Let"s crowdsource the world"s goals
	Jane McGonigal: The game that can give you 10 extra years of life
	Raghava KK: What"s your 200-year plan?
	Alanna Shaikh: How I"m preparing to get Alzheimer"s
	Don Tapscott: Four principles for the open world
	Massimo Banzi: How Arduino is open-sourcing imagination
	E.O. Wilson: Advice to a young scientist
	Peter Norvig: The 100,000-student classroom
	Rodney Mullen: Pop an ollie and innovate!
	LZ Granderson: The myth of the gay agenda
	Beeban Kidron: The shared wonder of film
	Rebecca Onie: What if our healthcare system kept us healthy?
	John Hockenberry: We are all designers
	Seth Shostak: ET is (probably) out there -- get ready
	Sebastian Deterding: What your designs say about you
	Ken Goldberg: 4 lessons from robots about being human
	Philippe Petit: The journey across the high wire
	JR: One year of turning the world inside out
	David Kelley: How to build your creative confidence
	Joshua Foer: Feats of memory anyone can do
	Michael Tilson Thomas: Music and emotion through time
	Rick Guidotti: From stigma to supermodel
	Tavi Gevinson: A teen just trying to figure it out
	Brenda Romero: Gaming for understanding
	Nancy Lublin: Texting that saves lives
	Michael Norton: How to buy happiness
	Atul Gawande: How do we heal medicine?
	Abigail Washburn: Building US-China relations ... by banjo
	Sherry Turkle: Connected, but alone?
	Rick Falkvinge: I am a pirate
	Leymah Gbowee: Unlock the intelligence, passion, greatness of girls
	Regina Dugan: From mach-20 glider to hummingbird drone
	Taylor Wilson: Yup, I built a nuclear fusion reactor
	Mark Raymond: Victims of the city
	Scott Summit: Beautiful artificial limbs
	Brené Brown: Listening to shame
	Jonathan Haidt: Religion, evolution, and the ecstasy of self-transcendence
	Adam Savage: How simple ideas lead to scientific discoveries
	Larry Smith: Why you will fail to have a great career
	Kelli Anderson: Design to challenge reality
	Jennifer Pahlka: Coding a better government
	Andrew Stanton: The clues to a great story
	Bryan Stevenson: We need to talk about an injustice
	Susan Cain: The power of introverts
	Peter Diamandis: Abundance is our future
	Tan Le: My immigration story
	Lucianne Walkowicz: Look up for a change
	Keith Nolan: Deaf in the military
	Drew Dudley: Everyday leadership
	Sheikha Al Mayassa: Globalizing the local, localizing the global
	Nancy Duarte: The secret structure of great talks
	Aleph Molinari: Let"s bridge the digital divide!
	Mike deGruy: Hooked by an octopus
	Shawn Achor: The happy secret to better work
	Peter van Uhm: Why I chose a gun
	Bjarke Ingels: Hedonistic sustainability
	Gayle Tzemach Lemmon: Women entrepreneurs, example not exception
	Diana Nyad: Extreme swimming with the world"s most dangerous jellyfish
	Julian Baggini: Is there a real you?
	Alain de Botton: Atheism 2.0
	Charles Hazlewood + British Paraorchestra: The debut of the British Paraorchestra
	Lauren Hodge, Shree Bose + Naomi Shah: Award-winning teenage science in action
	Nate Garvis: Change our culture, change our world
	Jane Fonda: Life"s third act
	Alberto Cairo: There are no scraps of men
	Karen Tse: How to stop torture
	Roger Doiron: My subversive (garden) plot
	Ramona Pierson: An unexpected place of healing
	Stefon Harris: There are no mistakes on the bandstand
	Srdja Popovic: How to topple a dictator
	Kathryn Schulz: Don"t regret regret
	Charles Limb: Building the musical muscle
	Damon Horowitz: Philosophy in prison
	Amy Purdy: Living beyond limits
	Britta Riley: A garden in my apartment
	Natalie Warne: Being young and making an impact
	Thomas Suarez: A 12-year-old app developer
	Jay Bradner: Open-source cancer research
	Todd Kuiken: A prosthetic arm that "feels"
	Bunker Roy: Learning from a barefoot movement
	Steve Jobs: How to live before you die
	Graham Hill: Less stuff, more happiness
	Jarreth Merz: Filming democracy in Ghana
	Geoff Mulgan: A short intro to the Studio School
	Abraham Verghese: A doctor"s touch
	Sasha Dichter: The Generosity Experiment
	Raghava KK: Shake up your story
	Sarah Kaminsky: My father the forger
	Joan Halifax: Compassion and the true meaning of empathy
	Julia Bacha: Pay attention to nonviolence
	Jeremy Gilley: One day of peace
	Dyan deNapoli: The great penguin rescue
	Alex Steffen: The shareable future of cities
	Eve Ensler: Suddenly, my body
	Julian Treasure: 5 ways to listen better
	Josette Sheeran: Ending hunger now
	Thandie Newton: Embracing otherness, embracing myself
	Nadia Al-Sakkaf: See Yemen through my eyes
	Tim Harford: Trial, error and the God complex
	Simon Lewis: Don"t take consciousness for granted
	Matt Cutts: Try something new for 30 days
	Dave deBronkart: Meet e-Patient Dave
	Emiliano Salinas: A civil response to violence
	Steve Keil: A manifesto for play, for Bulgaria and beyond
	Damon Horowitz: We need a "moral operating system"
	Jessi Arrington: Wearing nothing new
	Dennis Hong: Making a car for blind drivers
	Malcolm McLaren: Authentic creativity vs. karaoke culture
	Shirin Neshat: Art in exile
	Bruce Aylward: How we"ll stop polio for good
	Thomas Heatherwick: Building the Seed Cathedral
	Leonard Susskind: My friend Richard Feynman
	Ron Gutman: The hidden power of smiling
	Aicha el-Wafi + Phyllis Rodriguez: The mothers who found forgiveness, friendship
	Arvind Gupta: Turning trash into toys for learning
	Ric Elias: 3 things I learned while my plane crashed
	John Hunter: Teaching with the World Peace Game
	Kathryn Schulz: On being wrong
	Susan Lim: Transplant cells, not organs
	Marcin Jakubowski: Open-sourced blueprints for civilization
	Roger Ebert: Remaking my voice
	Dave Meslin: The antidote to apathy
	Caroline Casey: Looking past limits
	Mick Ebeling: The invention that unlocked a locked-in artist
	Chade-Meng Tan: Everyday compassion at Google
	Stanley McChrystal: Listen, learn ... then lead
	Sebastian Thrun: Google"s driverless car
	Patricia Ryan: Don"t insist on English!
	Eythor Bender: Human exoskeletons -- for war and healing
	Sarah Kay: If I should have a daughter ...
	Mark Bezos: A life lesson from a volunteer firefighter
	David Brooks: The social animal
	Sal Khan: Let"s use video to reinvent education
	Courtney E. Martin: This isn"t her mother"s feminism
	Wael Ghonim: Inside the Egyptian revolution
	JR: My wish: Use art to turn the world inside out
	Wadah Khanfar: A historic moment in the Arab world
	Elizabeth Lindsey: Curating humanity"s heritage
	Madeleine Albright: On being a woman and a diplomat
	Jacqueline Novogratz: Inspiring a life of immersion
	Krista Tippett: Reconnecting with compassion
	Michael Pawlyn: Using nature"s genius in architecture
	Hawa Abdi + Deqo Mohamed: Mother and daughter doctor-heroes
	Nigel Marsh: How to make work-life balance work
	Christopher McDougall: Are we born to run?
	Dale Dougherty: We are makers
	Bruce Feiler: The council of dads
	Van Jones: The economic injustice of plastic
	Charity Tillemann-Dick: Singing after a double lung transplant
	Elizabeth Lesser: Take "the Other" to lunch
	Jody Williams: A realistic vision for world peace
	Neil Pasricha: The 3 A"s of awesome
	Barry Schwartz: Using our practical wisdom
	Brené Brown: The power of vulnerability
	Majora Carter: 3 stories of local eco-entrepreneurship
	Sheryl Sandberg: Why we have too few women leaders
	Ken Robinson: Changing education paradigms
	Rachel Botsman: The case for collaborative consumption
	Diana Laufenberg: How to learn? From mistakes
	Kiran Bedi: A police chief with a difference
	Tony Porter: A call to men
	Halla Tómasdóttir: A feminine response to Iceland"s financial crash
	Arthur Potts Dawson: A vision for sustainable restaurants
	William Ury: The walk from "no" to "yes"
	Birke Baehr: What"s wrong with our food system
	Dan Phillips: Creative houses from reclaimed stuff
	Jason Fried: Why work doesn"t happen at work
	Zainab Salbi: Women, wartime and the dream of peace
	John Hardy: My green school dream
	Shimon Schocken: What a bike ride can teach you
	Emily Pilloton: Teaching design for change
	Greg Stone: Saving the ocean one island at a time
	R.A. Mashelkar: Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products
	Jessica Jackley: Poverty, money -- and love
	Ze Frank: My web playroom
	Melinda Gates: What nonprofits can learn from Coca-Cola
	Stacey Kramer: The best gift I ever survived
	Tim Jackson: An economic reality check
	Inge Missmahl: Bringing peace to the minds of Afghanistan
	Annie Lennox: Why I am an HIV/AIDS activist
	Mitchell Besser: Mothers helping mothers fight HIV
	Steven Johnson: Where good ideas come from
	Chris Anderson: How web video powers global innovation
	Ben Cameron: Why the live arts matter
	Carne Ross: An independent diplomat
	Sugata Mitra: The child-driven education
	His Holiness the Karmapa: The technology of the heart
	Nic Marks: The Happy Planet Index
	Jim Toomey: Learning from Sherman the shark
	Jeremy Rifkin: The empathic civilization
	Sheryl WuDunn: Our century"s greatest injustice
	Lewis Pugh: My mind-shifting Everest swim
	Jeff Bezos: What matters more than your talents
	Naif Al-Mutawa: Superheroes inspired by Islam
	Elif Shafak: The politics of fiction
	Ethan Zuckerman: Listening to global voices
	Nalini Nadkarni: Life science in prison
	Clay Shirky: How cognitive surplus will change the world
	Charles Leadbeater: Education innovation in the slums
	Marian Bantjes: Intricate beauty by design
	Chip Conley: Measuring what makes life worthwhile
	Ananda Shankar Jayant: Fighting cancer with dance
	Cameron Herold: Let"s raise kids to be entrepreneurs
	John Kasaona: How poachers became caretakers
	Brian Cox: Why we need the explorers
	Brian Skerry: The ocean"s glory -- and horror
	Ken Robinson: Bring on the learning revolution!
	Viktor Frankl: Why believe in others
	Dan Meyer: Math class needs a makeover
	Anil Gupta: India"s hidden hotbeds of invention
	Simon Sinek: How great leaders inspire action
	Roz Savage: Why I"m rowing across the Pacific
	Kavita Ramdas: Radical women, embracing tradition
	Tom Wujec: Build a tower, build a team
	Thelma Golden: How art gives shape to cultural change
	Jonathan Klein: Photos that changed the world
	Dean Kamen: The emotion behind invention
	Adora Svitak: What adults can learn from kids
	Derek Sivers: How to start a movement
	Shukla Bose: Teaching one child at a time
	Kevin Bales: How to combat modern slavery
	Patsy Rodenburg: Why I do theater
	Robert Gupta: Music is medicine, music is sanity
	Shekhar Kapur: We are the stories we tell ourselves
	Ken Kamler: Medical miracle on Everest
	Jane McGonigal: Gaming can make a better world
	Gary Vaynerchuk: Do what you love (no excuses!)
	Dan Barber: How I fell in love with a fish
	Tim Berners-Lee: The year open data went worldwide
	Srikumar Rao: Plug into your hard-wired happiness
	James Cameron: Before Avatar ... a curious boy
	Raghava KK: My 5 lives as an artist
	Pawan Sinha: How brains learn to see
	Temple Grandin: The world needs all kinds of minds
	Aimee Mullins: The opportunity of adversity
	David Cameron: The next age of government
	Jamie Oliver: Teach every child about food
	Jamie Heywood: The big idea my brother inspired
	JK Rowling: The fringe benefits of failure
	Eve Ensler: Embrace your inner girl
	Taylor Mali: What teachers make
	Kiran Sethi: Kids, take charge
	Kartick Satyanarayan: How we rescued the "dancing" bears"
	Matt Weinstein: What Bernie Madoff couldn"t steal from me
	Randy Pausch: Really achieving your childhood dreams
	Bertrand Piccard: My solar-powered adventure
	Cat Laine: Engineering a better life for all
	Asher Hasan: My message of peace from Pakistan
	Ryan Lobo: Photographing the hidden story
	Thulasiraj Ravilla: How low-cost eye care can be world-class
	Marc Pachter: The art of the interview
	Anupam Mishra: The ancient ingenuity of water harvesting
	Gordon Brown: Global ethic vs. national interest
	Shashi Tharoor: Why nations should pursue soft power
	Mallika Sarabhai: Dance to change the world
	Rob Hopkins: Transition to a world without oil
	Devdutt Pattanaik: East vs. West -- the myths that mystify
	Fields Wicker-Miurin: Learning from leadership"s missing manual
	Becky  Blanton: The year I was homeless
	Itay Talgam: Lead like the great conductors
	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie: The danger of a single story
	David Logan: Tribal leadership
	Stefan Sagmeister: The power of time off
	Karen Armstrong: Let"s revive the Golden Rule
	Tim Brown: Designers -- think big!
	Jacqueline Novogratz: A third way to think about aid
	William Kamkwamba: How I harnessed the wind
	Jonathan Zittrain: The Web as random acts of kindness
	Bjarke Ingels: 3 warp-speed architecture tales
	Geoff Mulgan: Post-crash, investing in a better world
	Natasha Tsakos: A multimedia theatrical adventure
	Dan Pink: The puzzle of motivation
	Emmanuel Jal: The music of a war child
	Janine Benyus: Biomimicry in action
	Alain de Botton: A kinder, gentler philosophy of success
	Gordon Brown: Wiring a web for global good
	Olafur Eliasson: Playing with space and light
	Gever Tulley: Life lessons through tinkering
	Ray Zahab: My trek to the South Pole
	Katherine Fulton: You are the future of philanthropy
	Richard St. John: Success is a continuous journey
	Kevin Surace: Eco-friendly drywall
	Yann Arthus-Bertrand: A wide-angle view of fragile Earth
	Liz Coleman: A call to reinvent liberal arts education
	Michelle Obama: A passionate, personal case for education
	Ray Anderson: The business logic of sustainability
	Seth Godin: The tribes we lead
	Mae Jemison: Teach arts and sciences together
	Alex Tabarrok: How ideas trump crises
	Matthew Childs: 9 life lessons from rock climbing
	Tim Ferriss: Smash fear, learn anything
	Gregory Stock: To upgrade is human
	Jacek Utko: Can design save newspapers?
	John Wooden: The difference between winning and succeeding
	Jacqueline Novogratz: An escape from poverty
	Aimee Mullins: My 12 pairs of legs
	Mike Rowe: Learning from dirty jobs
	Nalini Nadkarni: Conserving the canopy
	Willie Smits: How to restore a rainforest
	Jill Tarter: Join the SETI search
	Sylvia Earle: My wish: Protect our oceans
	José Antonio Abreu: The El Sistema music revolution
	Barry Schwartz: Our loss of wisdom
	Milton Glaser: Using design to make ideas new
	Elizabeth Gilbert: Your elusive creative genius
	Bill Gates: Mosquitos, malaria and education
	Aimee Mullins: Changing my legs - and my mindset
	Sherwin Nuland: The extraordinary power of ordinary people
	Jamais Cascio: Tools for a better world
	Paula Scher: Great design is serious, not solemn
	Rob Forbes: Ways of seeing
	Nicholas Negroponte: Taking OLPC to Colombia
	Eva Zeisel: The playful search for beauty
	Dan Barber: A foie gras parable
	Franco Sacchi: A tour of Nollywood, Nigeria"s booming film industry
	Samantha Power: A complicated hero in the war on dictatorship
	Tim Brown: Tales of creativity and play
	John Francis: Walk the earth ... my 17-year vow of silence
	Robert Thurman: Expanding your circle of compassion
	Feisal Abdul Rauf: Lose your ego, find your compassion
	James Forbes: Compassion at the dinner table
	Dayananda Saraswati: The profound journey of compassion
	Jackie Tabick: The balancing act of compassion
	Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi: Flow, the secret to happiness
	Doris Kearns Goodwin: Lessons from past presidents
	Stefan Sagmeister: Things I"ve learned in my life so far
	Laura Trice: Remember to say thank you
	Philip Zimbardo: The psychology of evil
	Eve Ensler: What security means to me
	Jane Goodall: How humans and animals can live together
	Peter Diamandis: Our next giant leap
	Ory Okolloh: How I became an activist
	Sugata Mitra: Kids can teach themselves
	Jonathan Harris: The web as art
	Chris Abani: On humanity
	Martin Seligman: The new era of positive psychology
	Billy Graham: On technology and faith
	David Hoffman: What happens when you lose everything
	Peter Diamandis: Stephen Hawking"s zero g flight
	Nicholas Negroponte: One Laptop per Child, two years on
	Benjamin Zander: The transformative power of classical music
	Chris Jordan: Turning powerful stats into art
	Seyi Oyesola: A hospital tour in Nigeria
	Yves Behar: Designing objects that tell stories
	Hector Ruiz: The thinking behind 50x15
	Amy Tan: Where does creativity hide?
	Ernest Madu: World-class health care
	Tod Machover + Dan Ellsey: Inventing instruments that unlock new music
	Al Gore: New thinking on the climate crisis
	Norman Foster: My green agenda for architecture
	Neil Turok: My wish: Find the next Einstein in Africa
	Karen Armstrong: My wish: The Charter for Compassion
	Dave Eggers: My wish: Once Upon a School
	Jill Bolte Taylor: My stroke of insight
	Alan Kay: A powerful idea about ideas
	Joseph Lekuton: A parable for Kenya
	Moshe Safdie: Building uniqueness
	Howard Rheingold: The new power of collaboration
	Michael Pollan: A plant"s-eye view
	Jaime Lerner: A song of the city
	Chris Anderson: TED"s nonprofit transition
	Bernie Dunlap: The life-long learner
	Bill Strickland: Rebuilding a neighborhood with beauty, dignity, hope
	Isabel Allende: Tales of passion
	Daniel Goleman: Why aren"t we more compassionate?
	Larry Brilliant: The case for optimism
	Matthieu Ricard: The habits of happiness
	Richard Branson: Life at 30,000 feet
	Jeff Skoll: My journey into movies that matter
	Jacqueline Novogratz: Patient capitalism
	Patrick Awuah: How to educate leaders? Liberal arts
	Euvin Naidoo: Why invest in Africa
	William Kamkwamba: How I built a windmill
	George Ayittey: Africa"s cheetahs versus hippos
	Robert Thurman: We can be Buddhas
	Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala: Want to help Africa? Do business here
	John Doerr: Salvation (and profit) in greentech
	David Kelley: Human-centered design
	Evelyn Glennie: How to truly listen
	Janine Benyus: Biomimicry"s surprising lessons from nature"s engineers
	Paul Bennett: Design is in the details
	Chris Bangle: Great cars are great art
	Thom Mayne: How architecture can connect us
	Alex Steffen: The route to a sustainable future
	Stefan Sagmeister: Happiness by design
	Seth Godin: How to get your ideas to spread
	Jane Goodall: What separates us from chimpanzees?
	E.O. Wilson: My wish: Build the Encyclopedia of Life
	Bill Clinton: My wish: Rebuilding Rwanda
	Carl Honoré: In praise of slowness
	Neil Gershenfeld: Unleash your creativity in a Fab Lab
	Charles Leadbeater: The era of open innovation
	Robert Wright: Progress is not a zero-sum game
	Phil Borges: Photos of endangered cultures
	Wade Davis: Dreams from endangered cultures
	Richard St. John: 8 secrets of success
	Peter Gabriel: Fight injustice with raw video
	Bono: My wish: Three actions for Africa
	Ben Saunders: Why did I ski to the North Pole?
	Burt Rutan: The real future of space exploration
	Jacqueline Novogratz: Invest in Africa"s own solutions
	Iqbal Quadir: How mobile phones can fight poverty
	Eva Vertes: Meet the future of cancer research
	Eve Ensler: Happiness in body and soul
	Ross Lovegrove: Organic design, inspired by nature
	Amy Smith: Simple designs to save a life
	Nicholas Negroponte: One Laptop per Child
	Larry Brilliant: My wish: Help me stop pandemics
	Jehane Noujaim: My wish: A global day of film
	Cameron Sinclair: My wish: A call for open-source architecture
	Rick Warren: A life of purpose
	Tony Robbins: Why we do what we do
	Majora Carter: Greening the ghetto
	Ken Robinson: Do schools kill creativity?
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	905341
	*************Inspiring*************
	
	
	*************Jaw-dropping*************
	Will Wright: Spore, birth of a game
	Mark Roth: Suspended animation is within our grasp
	The LXD: In the Internet age, dance evolves ...
	Craig Venter: Watch me unveil "synthetic life"
	Pilobolus: A dance of "Symbiosis"
	Blaise Agüera y Arcas: Augmented-reality maps
	BLACK: My journey to yo-yo mastery
	John Underkoffler: Pointing to the future of UI
	Craig Venter: On the verge of creating synthetic life
	Arthur Benjamin: A performance of "Mathemagic"
	Sivamani: Rhythm is everything, everywhere
	Pranav Mistry: The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology
	Tan Le: A headset that reads your brainwaves
	Willard Wigan: Hold your breath for micro-sculpture
	Mark Shaw: One very dry demo
	Raffaello D"Andrea: The astounding athletic power of quadcopters
	Qi Zhang: An electrifying organ performance
	Allan Savory: How to fight desertification and reverse climate change
	Naturally 7: A full-band beatbox
	Ueli Gegenschatz: Extreme wingsuit flying
	Pattie Maes + Pranav Mistry: Meet the SixthSense interaction
	Eric Lewis: Piano jazz that rocks
	Ed Ulbrich: How Benjamin Button got his face
	James Burchfield: Playing invisible turntables
	Lennart Green: Close-up card magic with a twist
	Keith Barry: Brain magic
	Sleepy Man Banjo Boys: Teen wonders play bluegrass
	Jeff Han: The radical promise of the multi-touch interface
	Kenichi Ebina: My magic moves
	Carolyn Porco: This is Saturn
	Marco Tempest: A cyber-magic card trick like no other
	Susan Savage-Rumbaugh: The gentle genius of bonobos
	Anthony Atala: Printing a human kidney
	Paul Root Wolpe: It"s time to question bio-engineering
	Ramesh Raskar: Imaging at a trillion frames per second
	Boaz Almog: The levitating superconductor
	Vijay Kumar: Robots that fly ... and cooperate
	Theo Jansen: My creations, a new form of life
	Blaise Agüera y Arcas: How PhotoSynth can connect the world"s images
	Sirena Huang: An 11-year-old"s magical violin
	Dean Kamen: Luke, a new prosthetic arm for soldiers
	Jennifer Lin: Improvising on piano, aged 14
	Markus Fischer: A robot that flies like a bird
	Yves Rossy: Fly with the Jetman
	Stephen Lawler: Tour Microsoft"s Virtual Earth
	Hans Rosling: New insights on poverty
	Sleepy Man Banjo Boys: Bluegrass virtuosity from ... New Jersey?
	Derek Paravicini and Adam Ockelford: In the key of genius
	Apollo Robbins: The art of misdirection
	Bill Stone: I"m going to the moon. Who"s with me?
	Jonathan Harris: The Web"s secret stories
	Justin Hall-Tipping: Freeing energy from the grid
	David Bolinsky: Visualizing the wonder of a living cell
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	98319
	*************Jaw-dropping*************
	
	
	*************Longwinded*************
	Frank Gehry: A master architect asks, Now what?
	David Rockwell: A memorial at Ground Zero
	Stewart Brand: The Long Now
	John Maeda: My journey in design
	Niels Diffrient: Rethinking the way we sit down
	Ben Katchor: Comics of bygone New York
	Frank Gehry: My days as a young rebel
	Mena Trott: Meet the founder of the blog revolution
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	863
	*************Longwinded*************
	
	
	*************OK*************
	Gabe Barcia-Colombo: My DNA vending machine
	Matthew White: The modern euphonium
	Murray Gell-Mann: The ancestor of language
	Stefan Sagmeister: 7 rules for making more happiness
	Don Levy: A cinematic journey through visual effects
	Bruno Bowden + Rufus Cappadocia: Blindfold origami and cello
	Yves Behar: A supercharged motorcycle design
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	1050
	*************OK*************
	
	
	*************Obnoxious*************
	Sxip Shirey + Rachelle Garniez: A performance with breath, music, passion
	Kim Gorgens: Protecting the brain against concussion
	Romina Libster: The power of herd immunity
	Daniel Libeskind: 17 words of architectural inspiration
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	1903
	*************Obnoxious*************
	
	
	*************Persuasive*************
	Daniel Suarez: The kill decision shouldn"t belong to a robot
	Rory Stewart: Time to end the war in Afghanistan
	Thomas Barnett: Let"s rethink America"s military strategy
	Nick Hanauer: Beware, fellow plutocrats, the pitchforks are coming
	Kevin Kelly: How technology evolves
	Thomas Pogge: Medicine for the 99 percent
	Maajid Nawaz: A global culture to fight extremism
	Ethan Nadelmann: Why we need to end the War on Drugs
	Andrew Mwenda: Aid for Africa? No thanks.
	Paddy Ashdown: The global power shift
	Tyler Cowen: Be suspicious of simple stories
	Onora O"Neill: What we don"t understand about trust
	James Howard Kunstler: The ghastly tragedy of the suburbs
	Jonas Gahr Støre: In defense of dialogue
	Garth Lenz: The true cost of oil
	Paul Gilding: The Earth is full
	James Hansen: Why I must speak out about climate change
	Melinda Gates: Let"s put birth control back on the agenda
	Megan Kamerick: Women should represent women in media
	David R. Dow: Lessons from death row inmates
	Ivan Oransky: Are we over-medicalized?
	Steven Pinker: The surprising decline in violence
	William McDonough: Cradle to cradle design
	Michael Sandel: Why we shouldn"t trust markets with our civic life
	Sam Richards: A radical experiment in empathy
	Kirby Ferguson: Embrace the remix
	Ivan Krastev: Can democracy exist without trust?
	Jason McCue: Terrorism is a failed brand
	John Wilbanks: Let"s pool our medical data
	Noreena Hertz: How to use experts -- and when not to
	Rory Stewart: Why democracy matters
	Dan Dennett: Let"s teach religion -- all religion -- in schools
	Thomas Goetz: It"s time to redesign medical data
	Naomi Klein: Addicted to risk
	Marcel Dicke: Why not eat insects?
	Aubrey de Grey: A roadmap to end aging
	Mariana Mazzucato: Government -- investor, risk-taker, innovator
	Michael Specter: The danger of science denial
	Esther Duflo: Social experiments to fight poverty
	Stefan Larsson: What doctors can learn from each other
	Conrad Wolfram: Teaching kids real math with computers
	Auret van Heerden: Making global labor fair
	Karina Galperin: Should we simplify spelling?
	Lawrence Lessig: Laws that choke creativity
	Paul Collier: The "bottom billion"
	Jonathan Haidt: How common threats can make common (political) ground
	Shai Agassi: A new ecosystem for electric cars
	Jennifer Granholm: A clean energy proposal -- race to the top!
	Sally Kohn: Don"t like clickbait? Don"t click
	Bjorn Lomborg: Global priorities bigger than climate change
	Barton Seaver: Sustainable seafood? Let"s get smart
	David Keith: A critical look at geoengineering against climate change
	Juan Enriquez: Using biology to rethink the energy challenge
	Paul Collier: New rules for rebuilding a broken nation
	Arthur Benjamin: Teach statistics before calculus!
	Dan Pallotta: The way we think about charity is dead wrong
	David Puttnam: Does the media have a "duty of care"?
	Diane J. Savino: The case for same-sex marriage
	Jason Clay: How big brands can help save biodiversity
	Paul Romer: Why the world needs charter cities
	James Balog: Time-lapse proof of extreme ice loss
	David Deutsch: A new way to explain explanation
	Carl Safina: The oil spill"s unseen villains -- and victims
	David Deutsch: Chemical scum that dream of distant quasars
	Jeremy Jackson: How we wrecked the ocean
	Lawrence Lessig: We the People, and the Republic we must reclaim
	Michael Sandel: The lost art of democratic debate
	Alex Laskey: How behavioral science can lower your energy bill
	Gever Tulley: 5 dangerous things you should let your kids do
	Philip K. Howard: Four ways to fix a broken legal system
	Lawrence Lessig: Re-examining the remix
	Graham Hill: Why I"m a weekday vegetarian
	Enric Sala: Glimpses of a pristine ocean
	Eric Dishman: Take health care off the mainframe
	Sam Harris: Science can answer moral questions
	Alan Siegel: Let"s simplify legal jargon!
	Elizabeth Pisani: Sex, drugs and HIV -- let"s get rational
	Paul Lewis: How mobile phones helped solve two murders
	Sandra Fisher-Martins: The right to understand
	Benjamin Barber: Why mayors should rule the world
	Michael Nielsen: Open science now!
	Dan Dennett: Dangerous memes
	Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala: Aid versus trade
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	54293
	*************Persuasive*************
	
	
	*************Unconvincing*************
	Diane Benscoter: How cults rewire the brain
	Noah Feldman: Politics and religion are technologies
	Robert Gordon: The death of innovation, the end of growth
	Larry Burns: The future of cars
	Lucy McRae: How can technology transform the human body?
	Kwame Anthony Appiah: Is religion good or bad? (This is a trick question)
	Paul Moller: My dream of a flying car
	Nick Bostrom: A philosophical quest for our biggest problems
	Stewart Brand: What squatter cities can teach us
	Sergey Brin: Why Google Glass?
	Patrícia Medici: The coolest animal you know nothing about ... and how we can save it
	Liz Diller: A new museum wing ... in a giant bubble
	Michael Metcalfe: We need money for aid. So let’s print it.
	Elaine Morgan: I believe we evolved from aquatic apes
	Richard Ledgett: The NSA responds to Edward Snowden"s TED Talk
	Skylar Tibbits: Can we make things that make themselves?
	Jakob Trollback: A new kind of music video
	Maria Bezaitis: Why we need strangeness
	Louise Fresco: We need to feed the whole world
	Richard Sears: Planning for the end of oil
	Ariel Garten: Know thyself, with a brain scanner
	Pete Alcorn: The world in 2200
	Kelli Jean Drinkwater: Enough with the fear of fat
Total number of viewers for this rating: 	9847
	*************Unconvincing*************
	
	
